McDonald's and Burger King (Commerce)
On March 2, 2000, at approximately 11:15 a.m., an identified male, 39, armed with a handgun, shot and killed a
maintenance worker in his apartment building in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania. The shooter walked to a nearby Burger King,
where he shot and killed one person, then walked to a McDonald's, where he shot and killed one person and wounded two
others. The shooter fled the scene, shot at police, and entered an office building, where he took several hostages. Three
people were killed; two were wounded. Following a standoff, the shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the
location.
Multiple Locations in Mount Lebanon, Pennsylvania (Commerce)
On April 28, 2000, at approximately 1:30 p.m., an identified male, 34, armed with a handgun, fatally shot his neighbor in
Mount Lebanon, Pennsylvania. He then drove to the neighbor's synagogue, shot out the front windows, and painted two
red swastikas on the building. The shooter then drove to a grocery store, where he killed one person and wounded another
(who succumbed to complications from his injuries seven years later). The shooter next drove to the Ya Fei Chinese Cuisine
restaurant and shot and killed two additional people. After that, he traveled to the C.S. Kim School of Karate, where he
fatally shot another person. Six people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was subsequently arrested by law
enforcement at another location.
Multiple Locations in Nevada County, California (Health Care)
On January 10, 2001, at approximately 11:30 a.m., an identified male, 40, armed with a handgun, walked up to the firstfloor
reception counter of the Nevada Department of Behavioral Health in Nevada County, California, and fatally shot two
people and wounded another. The shooter fled the scene and proceeded to Lyon's Restaurant, where he fatally shot the
manager and wounded another employee. Three people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was subsequently
apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
JB's Pub (Commerce)
On April 13, 2001, at approximately 12:40 a.m., an identified male, 42, armed with two shotguns, two handguns, and
approximately 200 rounds of ammunition, began shooting at JB's Pub in Elgin, Illinois, where he had been escorted out for
harassing patrons and quarreling with employees. Upon removal, the shooter returned to his residence, shaved his head,
changed into military fatigues, and returned to the pub armed with guns and ammunition. Two people were killed; 21 were
wounded (five from injuries incidental to the shooting). During the attack, the shooter was wrestled to the ground by bar
patrons and employees and subsequently apprehended by law enforcement at the location.
City Market & Bookcliff RV Park (Open Space)
On July 3, 2001, at approximately 11:45 p.m., an identified male, 42, armed with a handgun, killed one person outside
the City Market grocery store in Rifle, Colorado. The shooter then walked through the parking lot and shot one person,
who died three days later. The subject proceeded to the Bookcliff RV Park, where he killed two people and wounded three
others. Four people were killed; three were wounded. The gunman was apprehended by law enforcement at the location.
Multiple Locations in Sacramento, California (Open Space)
On September 9, 2001, at approximately 11:18 p.m., an identified male, 20, armed with a handgun and wearing a
bulletproof vest, shot and killed two of his Burns Security co-workers at a city equipment yard in Sacramento, California.
The shooter, a suspended security guard, armed with a rifle, killed two more people at a marina, including another
co-worker and a marina employee. The shooter went to the home of a former supervisor, killed one person, took one person
hostage, and fled in the victim's vehicle. The hostage escaped, and the next day law enforcement located the shooter in his
vehicle. During a pursuit, the shooter engaged officers with gunfire, wounding an officer and another person. Five people
were killed; two were wounded. The shooter crashed his vehicle and committed suicide. Law enforcement retrieved a
handgun, rifle, shotgun, and pipe bombs.
Top Valu Market (Commerce)
On May 31, 2002, at approximately 5:30 p.m., an identified male, 48, armed with two handguns, entered the Top Valu
Market in Long Beach, California, shot and killed the clerk and an 8-year-old child, and wounded the child's parents and
two others. Two people were killed; four were wounded. The shooter was killed during a shootout with law enforcement at
the location.
Conception Abbey (House of Worship)
On June 11, 2002, at approximately 8:20 a.m., an identified male, 71, armed with two rifles, entered the Conception Abbey
in Conception, Missouri, where he shot and killed one person as he walked down a hallway. He then wounded two men as
he proceeded toward the cafeteria. As the shooter continued through the building, he shot and killed one more person. Two
people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the location.
University of Arizona College of Nursing (Education)
On October 28, 2002, at approximately 8:30 a.m., an identified male, 41, armed with five handguns, entered the second
floor of the University of Arizona College of Nursing building in Tucson, Arizona, and killed a professor in her office. The
shooter proceeded to the fourth floor, where he entered a classroom and killed two more professors. Three people were
killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the location.
Stateline Tavern (Commerce)
On October 24, 2003, at approximately 3:30 p.m., an identified male, 51, armed with a handgun, entered the Stateline
Tavern in Oldtown, Idaho. Shortly after a verbal altercation with one of his victims, the shooter began firing the weapon at
patrons, including a known acquaintance. Four people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter fled and committed
suicide at another location.
Alrosa Villa Nightclub (Commerce)
On December 8, 2004, at approximately 10:15 p.m., an identified male, 25, armed with a handgun, climbed a barricade at
the Alrosa Villa Nightclub in Columbus, Ohio, jumped on stage, and shot a band member. Spectators attempted to subdue
the shooter as he continued shooting. Three people were killed; three were wounded. The shooter took a hostage prior to
being killed by responding law enforcement at the location.
Multiple Locations in Delaware and Maryland (Open Space)
On April 8, 2005, at approximately 8:10 a.m., an identified male, 22, wearing a bulletproof vest and armed with a
handgun, began firing at people outside an apartment complex in Laurel, Delaware, killing one and wounding two before
stealing a vehicle and driving into Maryland. In Salisbury, Maryland, the shooter continued to fire at people, vehicles, and
homes, killing one during a carjacking and wounding two. Two people were killed; four were wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by local law enforcement after a brief foot chase.
Sash Assembly of God (House of Worship)
On August 29, 2005, at approximately 8:20 p.m., an identified male, 54, armed with two handguns, opened fire in the Sash
Assembly of God parking lot in Sash, Texas. The shooter, who was not a congregant but was known to church members,
had a verbal disagreement with individuals at the church, departed the parking lot, and returned a short time later, opening
fire and killing two people. The shooter fled the scene and shot into a vehicle at an intersection, killing two others. Four
people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter fled the scene again, returned home, and committed suicide after a
long standoff with law enforcement.
Finninger's Catering Company (Commerce)
On April 19, 2006, at approximately 1:30 p.m., an identified male, 55, armed with a handgun, arrived at his former place
of employment, Finninger's Catering Company, in St. Louis, Missouri, and opened fire, killing two and wounding one.
Several hours before, the shooter killed his former girlfriend at her apartment. Three people were killed; one was wounded.
The shooter committed suicide when confronted by law enforcement in the parking lot at the location.
Duquesne University (Education)
On September 17, 2006, at approximately 2:15 a.m., two identified males, ages 18 and 19, armed with handguns, opened
fire at a dance party at Duquesne University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The shooters, who were not students at the
university, left the dance after an argument and returned with handguns and began shooting, wounding five. No one was
killed; five were wounded. The shooters were apprehended at different locations and dates after investigation by law
enforcement.
Black Road Auto (Commerce)
On March 18, 2008, at approximately 4:00 p.m., an identified male, 31, armed with a handgun, opened fire at Black Road
Auto in Santa Maria, California. The shooter was the son of one of the victims. Four were killed; no one was wounded. The
shooter was apprehended by law enforcement as he attempted to flee the location.
Hasting's Books and Entertainment and Toby's Bar (Commerce)
On April 20, 2010, at approximately 9:25 p.m., an identified male, 22, armed with a shotgun, began shooting inside the café
at Hasting's Books and Entertainment in Wichita Falls, Texas, wounding four. The shooter then walked down the street to
Toby's Bar, entered and began shooting, killing one employee of the bar. One person was killed; four were wounded. The
shooter fled the location, returned home, and committed suicide.
Omega Psi Phi Fraternity House (Residential)
On February 6, 2011, at approximately 2:00 a.m., two identified males, 20 and 22, armed with handguns, opened fire into
an off-campus fraternity house during a party near Youngstown State University in Youngstown, Ohio. The attack was the
result of a dispute between the shooters and some attendees of the house party. One person was killed; 11 were wounded.
Both shooters were later apprehended by law enforcement following an investigation.
Multiple Locations in Wellton and Yuma, Arizona (Commerce)
On June 2, 2011, at approximately 5:00 a.m., an identified male, 73, armed with a handgun, conducted an attack at various
locations in Wellton and Yuma, Arizona. The attack began in Wellton, where the shooter wounded one person and killed
four others. The shooter then drove to Yuma, where he killed another person in a law office. The shooter targeted his
ex-wife, her close friends, and the attorney who represented her in their divorce proceedings. Five people were killed; one
person was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at another location.
Multiple Locations in Grand Rapids, Michigan (Open Space)
On July 7, 2011, at approximately 2:30 p.m., an identified male, 34, armed with a handgun, began shooting victims at two
homes in Grand Rapids, Michigan, including the residences of the shooter's former girlfriend, her sister, and her daughter,
as well as his estranged wife, their daughter, and his wife's parents. The shooter then shot and wounded another person
during a road-rage incident. After carjacking a vehicle, the shooter shot and wounded another acquaintance in her car. Seven
people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter's vehicle was located by police, and a pursuit and subsequent gunfight
ensued, which ended when the shooter crashed the vehicle and took hostages inside a residence. During the standoff with
police, the shooter committed suicide inside the residence.
Multiple Locations in Ladera Ranch, Tustin, and Santa Ana, California (Open Space)
On February 19, 2013, at approximately 4:45 a.m., an identified male, 20, armed with a shotgun, began an attack at his
residence in Ladera Ranch, California, where he killed a female inside his mother's condominium. The shooter drove to
Tustin, California, where he attempted to carjack a vehicle, shooting and wounding the driver. The shooter successfully
carjacked another vehicle, parked along the shoulder of Freeway 55, and began shooting at motorists, wounding three.
He then drove to Santa Ana, carjacked another vehicle, and killed its owner. The shooter returned to Tustin and killed a
pedestrian in a parking lot. A witness attempting to intervene during this incident was shot and wounded and his vehicle
stolen. Three people were killed; five were wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the location.
Centennial Hill Bar and Grill (Commerce)
On December 28, 2013, at approximately 1:00 a.m., three identified males, 21, 23, and 25, armed with handguns, fired
multiple rounds at a crowd inside the Centennial Bar and Grill in Montgomery, Alabama. The shooting stemmed from an
ongoing dispute between one of the suspects and one of the deceased victims. Three people were killed; five were wounded.
The three shooters were subsequently apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
Multiple Locations in La Madera, Tres Piedras, and Abiquiu, New Mexico (Commerce)
On June 15, 2017, at 3:30 p.m., an identified male, 21, armed with a handgun, began a five-hour killing spree at multiple
locations in La Madera, Tres Piedras, and Abiquiu, New Mexico. The shooter killed three family members in La Madera. In
Tres Piedras, the shooter killed one person and stole his vehicle. The shooter then went to Bode's General Store in Abiquiu,
where he shot and killed one person. Five people were killed; no one was wounded. After a pursuit, the shooter crashed the
vehicle and was apprehended by law enforcement.
North Side Neighborhood in Evansville, Indiana (Open Space)
On May 11, 2018, at approximately 9:30 p.m., an identified male, 51, armed with a rifle and shotgun, began shooting in
the North Side neighborhood of Evansville, Indiana. After the first round of gunfire subsided, a man went to check on his
neighbors and was shot and killed by the gunman. The shooter opened fire on responding officers. One person was killed;
no one was wounded. After a standoff, the shooter was killed by law enforcement at the location.
Virginia Beach Oceanfront (Open Space)
On July 5, 2018, at approximately 12:30 a.m., an identified male, 21, armed with a handgun, opened fire outside of OMG
Everything store on Atlantic Avenue in Virginia Beach, Virginia, wounding six people as they were walking in a crowd
along the oceanfront. No one was killed; six were wounded. The gunman was later apprehended by law enforcement at
another location.
Walmart (Commerce)
On August 14, 2018 at approximately 6:06 p.m., an identified male, 30, armed with a handgun, began shooting at a Walmart
in Wyncote, Pennsylvania. The shooter stood in the checkout line with an acquaintance, grabbed her gun, walked toward
the back of the line, and fired a single round at a person, wounding him. The shooter then ran through the front of the store
and fired multiple rounds, wounding four additional people. No one was killed; five were wounded. The attacker and his
acquaintance fled the scene in a vehicle and drove to Philadelphia, where they rear-ended an unoccupied police vehicle and
fled on foot. Police initiated a foot pursuit, a violent encounter ensued, and the gunman was subsequently apprehended by
law enforcement.
Morgan Hill Ford (Commerce)
On June 25, 2019, at approximately 6:00 p.m., an identified male, 60, armed with two handguns, opened fire inside the
Morgan Hill Ford dealership in Morgan Hill, California. The shooter was an employee at the dealership and was fired
several hours prior to shooting two managers at the dealership. Two people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter
committed suicide at the location prior to law enforcement's arrival.
Tequila KC Bar (Commerce)
On October 6, 2019, at approximately 1:30 a.m., two identified males, 23 and 25, armed with handguns, began shooting
inside the Tequila KC Bar in Kansas City, Kansas. The shooters were kicked out of the bar after an altercation with a bar
employee and returned with handguns. Four people were killed; five were wounded. The shooters fled the location. The
shooters were apprehended by law enforcement at different locations.