SunTrust Bank (Commerce)
On January 23, 2019, at approximately 12:37 p.m., Zephen Allen Xaver, 21, armed with a handgun and wearing body armor, allegedly began shooting inside the SunTrust Bank in Sebring, Florida. Five people (four employees and one customer) were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter surrendered to law enforcement after a standoff at the scene.
PJ Harrigan's Bar & Grill and Residence (Commerce)
On January 24, 2019, at approximately 10:15 p.m., Jordan Witmer, 21, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside PJ Harrigan's Bar & Grill in State College, Pennsylvania. The shooter then fled in a vehicle to a random nearby house. After crashing into the house, the shooter exited the vehicle and killed the homeowner. Three people were killed; one person (the shooter's ex-girlfriend) was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the second scene before law enforcement arrived.
The Asian Bistro (Commerce)
On February 12, 2019, at approximately 7:38 p.m., Stefano Markell Parker, 29, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting into The Asian Bistro in San Diego, California. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter fled the scene. He was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
Henry Pratt Company Warehouse (Commerce)
On February 15, 2019, at approximately 1:24 p.m., Gary Martin, 45, armed with a handgun, began shooting during a termination meeting inside a Henry Pratt Company industrial warehouse in Aurora, Illinois. Five employees (two managers and three co-workers) were killed; six people (one employee and five law enforcement officers) were wounded (one, a law enforcement officer, from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter was killed at the scene by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire.
T-Mart Convenience Store (Commerce)
On February 21, 2019, at approximately 11:30 p.m., Shadrach Peeler, 35, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at a T-Mart convenience store in Elizabethtown, Kentucky. Prior to the shooting, he shot and killed his girlfriend near their home. Two people (including the store co-owner and the shooter's girlfriend) were killed; two people (including one employee) were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
West Palm Beach Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center (Health Care)
On February 27, 2019, at approximately 6:30 p.m., Larry Ray Bon, 59, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at medical staff in the emergency room at the West Palm Beach Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in West Palm Beach, Florida. The shooter, a patient of the medical center, had been involuntarily admitted earlier that morning for mental health treatment. No one was killed; two people (a doctor who wrestled the gun from the shooter and an emergency room employee) were wounded. Another doctor and a patient restrained the shooter until law enforcement apprehended him at the scene.
Lake City Neighborhood, Seattle, Washington (Open Space)
On March 27, 2019, at approximately 4:00 p.m., Tad-Michael Norman, 33, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at a moving vehicle in Lake City, a neighborhood in northeast Seattle, Washington. The shooter, who was on foot, wounded the driver, causing the vehicle to veer off the road. The shooter then began shooting at a bus. The driver was shot in the chest but managed to drive away. The shooter then shot and killed another driver and drove off in the vehicle. During a police chase, the shooter crashed into another vehicle, killing the driver. Two people in total were killed (one from injuries incidental to the shooting); two were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement after a brief standoff at the scene.
13
Chabad of Poway Synagogue (House of Worship)
On April 27, 2019, at approximately 11:23 a.m., John T. Earnest, 19, armed with a rifle, allegedly began
shooting inside the Chabad of Poway Synagogue in Poway, California. After his rifle malfunctioned, congregants ran toward the shooter. He fled the scene in his vehicle. One person was killed; three were wounded (two from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter surrendered to law enforcement at another location after calling 911 to report the shooting.
Woodford A. Kennedy Building, University of North Carolina at Charlotte (Education)
On April 30, 2019, at approximately 5:42 p.m., Trystan Andrew Terrell, 22, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting inside a Woodford A. Kennedy Building classroom at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte. One of the students restrained the shooter, ending the threat. Two people (students) were killed
(including the student who restrained the shooter); four were wounded. The shooter, a former student at the university, was apprehended by campus police at the scene.
STEM School Highlands Ranch (Education)
On May 7, 2019, at approximately 1:50 p.m., Devon Michael Erickson, 18, armed with a rifle and a handgun, and Alec McKinney (legal name Maya Elizabeth McKinney), 16, armed with two handguns, allegedly began shooting in two different locations at the STEM School Highlands Ranch in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. After one student was killed during a confrontation with the first shooter, two other students subdued and disarmed the shooter, thereby ending the threat posed by that shooter. The second shooter wounded six students before being detained and disarmed by a private security officer. One person (a student who confronted one of the shooters) was killed; eight people (students) were wounded (including two students who were accidently shot by a private security officer). Both shooters were apprehended by law enforcement in different locations at the school.
B. Dependable Plumbing (Commerce)
On May 29, 2019, at approximately 5:30 a.m., Pavol Vido, 65, armed with a handgun, began shooting at B. Dependable Plumbing in Cleveland, Texas. The shooter fled in a vehicle. He exchanged gunfire with law
enforcement during a pursuit. Three people were killed (two were killed at the scene and one law enforcement officer died eight months later due to complications from his gunshot wounds); one person (the company owner) was wounded. The shooter committed suicide a few hours later when confronted by law enforcement at another location.
Virginia Beach Municipal Center (Government)
On May 31, 2019, at approximately 4:00 p.m., DeWayne Craddock, 40, armed with two handguns, began
shooting at the Virginia Beach Municipal Center in Virginia Beach, Virginia. The shooter, a former employee, shot and killed one victim in a vehicle in the parking lot before entering the building and firing indiscriminately. Twelve people (11 employees and a contractor) were killed; four people (including one law enforcement officer) were wounded. The shooter was shot by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at the scene and later died at the hospital.
Interstate 35, Oklahoma City (Open Space)
On June 10, 2019, at approximately 10:45 a.m., Vincense DeWayne Williams, Jr., 24, armed with a handgun, began shooting at vehicles while walking alongside Interstate 35 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement at the scene.
Earle Cabell Federal Courthouse (Government)
On June 17, 2019, at approximately 8:38 a.m., Brian Isaack Clyde, 22, armed with a rifle and wearing body armor, began firing at people outside the Earle Cabell Federal Courthouse in Dallas, Texas. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at the scene.
14
Best Moves (Commerce)
On July 16, 2019, at approximately 5:36 p.m., Kwenton Terrell Thomas, 24, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting co-workers at Best Moves, a moving company in San Antonio, Texas. No one was killed; five were wounded (one from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter fled the scene on foot. He was
apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
Multiple Locations in San Fernando Valley, California (Commerce)
On July 25, 2019, at approximately 2:00 a.m., Gerry Dean Zaragoza, 26, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at a North Hollywood Shell gas station in San Fernando Valley, California. He killed a female
acquaintance who worked at the gas station and wounded another employee. Shortly before the shooting, the shooter had killed his father and brother and wounded his mother at their Canoga Park apartment. Later that morning, he unsuccessfully attempted to rob a person at gunpoint outside a bank in Canoga Park. He fled to Van Nuys and boarded a bus. As he was getting off, he shot and killed a passenger. Four people (including one Shell employee) were killed; two people (including one Shell employee) were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location approximately 13 hours after the initial shooting.
Gilroy Garlic Festival (Open Space)
On July 28, 2019, at approximately 5:40 p.m., Santino William Legan, 19, armed with a rifle and wearing body armor, began shooting at the Gilroy Garlic Festival in Gilroy, California. Three people were killed; 17 were wounded. The shooter committed suicide while engaging in gunfire with law enforcement at the scene.
Walmart Supercenter #848 (Commerce)
On July 30, 2019, at approximately 6:30 a.m., Martez Tarrell Abram, 39, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting co-workers inside a Walmart Supercenter in Southaven, Mississippi. The shooter had been recently suspended pending the outcome of an internal investigation. Two people (store managers) were killed; one person (a law enforcement officer) was wounded. The shooter was shot during an exchange of gunfire before being apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Walmart Supercenter #2201 (Commerce)
On August 3, 2019, at approximately 10:38 a.m., Patrick Wood Crusius, 21, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting at the Cielo Vista Walmart in El Paso, Texas. Twenty-three people were killed; 22 were wounded. The shooter fled the scene in his vehicle. After failing to get through to 911, the shooter returned to the scene and surrendered to law enforcement.
Oregon Historic District in Dayton, Ohio (Open Space)
On August 4, 2019, at approximately 12:43 a.m., Connor Stephen Betts, 24, armed with a rifle and wearing a mask, body armor, and hearing protection, began shooting in the Oregon Historic District in Dayton, Ohio. Nine people (including the shooter's sister) were killed; 27 were wounded (10 from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter was killed by law enforcement at the scene.
Jesse Brown Veterans Affairs Medical Center (Health Care)
On August 12, 2019, at approximately 2:15 p.m., Bernard Harvey, Jr., 40, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting outside the Jesse Brown Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois. The shooter then entered the building and continued shooting. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Multiple Locations in Midland and Odessa, Texas (Open Space)
On August 31, 2019, at approximately 3:17 p.m., Seth Ator, 36, armed with a rifle, began shooting at law
enforcement officers in Midland, Texas, during a traffic stop. The shooter, who had been fired from his job earlier in the day, continued shooting at people in vehicles and walking along the street. The shooter then abandoned his vehicle, hijacked a U.S. Postal Service truck, and killed the mail carrier. He continued shooting at people as he drove toward Odessa. Seven people in total were killed; 21 people (including three law enforcement officers from three different departments) were wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement at another location.
15
Chestnut Pointe Apartments and Palmetto Tire and Auto (Commerce)
On October 21, 2019, at approximately 7:30 a.m., Ozzy Alexander Mooneyham, 25, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting at residents of the Chestnut Pointe Apartments in Sumter, South Carolina. After wounding one person, the shooter fled to Palmetto Tire and Auto and opened fire. No one was killed; four people (including three employees) were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
Saugus High School (Education)
On November 14, 2019, at approximately 7:38 a.m., Nathaniel Tennosuke Berhow, 16, armed with a handgun, began shooting classmates at Saugus High School in Santa Clarita, California. Two people (students) were killed; three people (students) were wounded. The shooter shot himself at the scene before law enforcement arrived; he died at a hospital the following day.
Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam (Government)
On December 4, 2019, at approximately 2:30 p.m., Gabriel Antonio Romero, 22, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting co-workers at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii. Two people were killed; one was wounded. The shooter, an active duty sailor, committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Naval Air Station Pensacola (Government)
On December 6, 2019, at approximately 6:51 a.m., Mohammed Saeed Alshamrani, 21, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside a training classroom at the Naval Air Station Pensacola, in Pensacola, Florida. Three people were killed; eight people (including two law enforcement officers) were wounded. The shooter, who was participating in aviation training at the station, was killed by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at the scene.
Jersey City Kosher Supermarket and Bayview Cemetery (Commerce)
On December 10, 2019, at approximately 12:21 p.m., David N. Anderson, 47, armed with a rifle and a handgun, and Francine Graham, 50, armed with a shotgun and a handgun, began shooting at the Jersey City Kosher Supermarket in Jersey City, New Jersey. A law enforcement officer had approached the shooters near Bayview Cemetery a short time earlier regarding their possible connection to a previous homicide investigation. The shooters opened fire, killing the law enforcement officer. The shooters then fled a few blocks, stopping their van outside the kosher market. After shooting and killing three people inside the market, the shooters engaged law enforcement officers in a lengthy shootout. Four people in total (including one law enforcement officer) were killed; four people (including three law enforcement officers [one from injuries incidental to the shooting]) were wounded. The shooters were killed by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at the scene.
West Freeway Church of Christ (House of Worship)
On December 29, 2019, at approximately 11:50 a.m., Keith Thomas Kinnunen, 43, armed with a shotgun, began shooting inside the West Freeway Church of Christ in White Settlement, Texas. Though not a congregant, the shooter was known to church members. Two people (armed members of the church's volunteer security team) were killed; two were wounded (from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter was killed at the scene by an armed citizen who led the security team.