9ine Ultra Lounge (Commerce)
On January 19, 2020, at 11:30 p.m., an identified male, 29, armed with two handguns, began shooting outside
the 9ine Ultra Lounge in Kansas City, Missouri. The subject got into an altercation with other patrons and was
refused entry. The subject retrieved a weapon from his vehicle and began shooting at the line of people outside.
One person was killed; 16 people were wounded. An armed security guard shot and killed the subject.
NYPD 41st Precinct Office (Government)
On February 8, 2020, at approximately 8:30 p.m., an identified male, 45, armed with a handgun, began shooting
at a marked New York Police Department (NYPD) van in Bronx, New York. One officer was wounded; the
subject fled the scene. At approximately 8:00 a.m. the following day, the subject opened fire inside the NYPD
41st Precinct office, wounding one (an NYPD lieutenant). In total, two people were wounded. The subject
surrendered when his handgun ran out of ammunition and was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Portstewart Senior Apartments (Residence)
On February 20, 2020, at approximately 4:18 p.m., an identified male, 87, armed with a handgun, began shooting
inside the Portstewart Senior Apartments in Caldwell, Idaho. One person was killed; three people were wounded.
The shooter committed suicide at the scene.
Molson Coors Building (Commerce)
On February 26, 2020, at approximately 2:08 p.m., an identified male, 51, armed with two handguns (one with
a silencer), began shooting inside the Molson Coors building in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Five employees were
killed. The shooter committed suicide at the scene.
Kum & Go Gas Station (Commerce)
On March 15, 2020, at approximately 11:24 p.m., an identified male, 31, armed with a handgun and a rifle, began
shooting in a Kum & Go gas station in Springfield, Missouri. Police exchanged gunfire with the shooter. Four
people were killed (including one officer and one employee); two people were wounded (including one officer).
The shooter committed suicide after law enforcement arrived.
Unspecified Shopping Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma (Commerce)
On March 27, 2020, at approximately 6:20 p.m., an identified female, 34, armed with a handgun, began firing at
people standing outside a shopping center in Tulsa, Oklahoma. There were no casualties reported. The shooter
was killed by an armed security guard at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
McDonald's Restaurant (Commerce)
On May 6, 2020, at approximately 6:20 p.m., an identified female, 32, armed with a handgun, began shooting
inside a McDonald's restaurant in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Four people (employees) were wounded. The
shooter was found several blocks away and arrested by law enforcement.
Super 8 Hotel (Commerce)
On May 17, 2020, at approximately 12:38 a.m., an identified male, 35, armed with two handguns, began shooting
inside the Super 8 hotel in Rockford, Illinois. Law enforcement arrived at the Super 8 hotel lobby to meet with
the 911 caller. The shooter appeared in the lobby and began firing. One person was killed; two people were
wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the scene following an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Westgate Entertainment District (Commerce)
On May 20, 2020, at approximately 7:25 p.m., an identified male, 20, armed with a rifle, began shooting inside
the Westgate Entertainment District in Glendale, Arizona. Three people were wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Naval Air Station Corpus Christi (Government)
On May 21, 2020, at approximately 6:00 a.m., an identified male, 20, armed with a handgun, shotgun, and a rifle,
drove his vehicle up to the gate of the Naval Air Station (NAS) Corpus Christi in Corpus Christi, Texas, and
began shooting at the security force guards. One person was wounded (NAS security force guard). The shooter
was killed by the security force guards at the scene following an exchange of gunfire.
Centennial Bridge (Open Space)
On May 27, 2020, at approximately 11:00 a.m., an identified male, 37, armed with a handgun and a rifle, began
randomly firing at vehicles on Centennial Bridge in Leavenworth, Kansas. An active-duty soldier assigned to
Fort Leavenworth waiting in traffic saw the event unfold, determined it was an active shooter, and intervened
by striking the shooter with his vehicle, ending the encounter. One person was wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Indoor Comfort and Heating (Commerce)
On June 1, 2020, at approximately 8:56 a.m., an identified male, 48, armed with a handgun, began shooting
inside the Indoor Comfort and Heating business in Paris Landing, Tennessee. Two people were killed.
The shooter committed suicide at the scene.
Multiple Locations in Paso Robles, California (Open Space)
On June 10, 2020, at approximately 3:45 a.m., an identified male, 26, armed with three handguns, began shooting
at the San Luis Obispo County Police Department building in Paso Robles, California, wounding one responding
officer. The subject continued shooting at the Paso Robles train station, where he killed a man. In total, one
person was killed; four law enforcement officers were wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement the
following day during an exchange of gunfire.
Rebar Bar and Lounge (Commerce)
On June 12, 2020, at approximately 11:30 p.m., an identified male, 37, armed with a rifle, began shooting at
patrons outside of Rebar Bar and Lounge in San Antonio, Texas after being denied entry. Eight people were
wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement six days later.
Giuseppe's Pizzeria (Commerce)
On June 19, 2020, at approximately 11:45 a.m., an identified male, 56, armed with a rifle, began shooting
inside Giuseppe's Pizzeria in Sebastian, Florida. One person was killed. The shooter was apprehended by law
enforcement at the scene.
Applebee's Restaurant (Commerce)
On June 22, 2020, at approximately 9:30 p.m., an identified male, 28, armed with a handgun, began shooting
inside an Applebee's restaurant in St. John, Missouri. One person was killed; two people were wounded.
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at a residence the next day.
Bunn-O-Matic Warehouse (Commerce)
On June 26, 2020, at approximately 11:03 a.m., an identified male, 48, armed with two handguns, began shooting
inside the Bunn-O-Matic warehouse in Springfield, Illinois. Three people were killed. The shooter committed
suicide at another location.
Walmart Distribution Facility (Commerce)
On June 27, 2020, at approximately 3:30 p.m., an identified male, 31, armed with a rifle, drove a vehicle into a
Walmart distribution facility in Red Bluff, California, exited the vehicle, and began firing inside the building.
Two people were killed; four people were wounded. Law enforcement responded to the scene and exchanged
gunfire with the shooter. The shooter sustained a gunshot wound and subsequently died at the hospital.
Jefferson Square Park (Open Space)
On June 27, 2020, at approximately 8:59 p.m., an identified male, 23, armed with a handgun, began shooting into
a large crowd of people in Jefferson Square Park in Louisville, Kentucky. One person was killed. The shooter was
apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Unspecified Residential Address in Manteca, California (Residence)
On July 25, 2020, at approximately 12:00 a.m., an unidentified male, armed with a handgun, began shooting
inside a residence in a neighborhood of Manteca, California. Nine people were wounded. The shooter remains at
large.
Residential Neighborhood in Eagle River, Alaska (Open Space)
On July 30, 2020, at approximately 6:20 a.m., an identified male, 57, armed with a rifle, began shooting within a
residential neighborhood in Eagle River, Alaska. Law enforcement responded to the scene after reports of gunfire.
One person was wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Multiple Locations in Tampa, Florida (Open Space)
On July 30, 2020, at approximately 6:52 p.m., an identified male, 31, armed with a rifle, began shooting in
multiple locations in Tampa, Florida. Five people were wounded, (Including one law enforcement officer).
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
Tin Cup Campground (Open Space)
On August 1, 2020, at approximately 10:15 p.m., an identified male, 73, armed with a handgun, began shooting in
the Tin Cup Campground within the Salmon-Challis National Forest in Challis, Idaho. There were no casualties
reported. The shooter was killed by an off-duty law enforcement officer at the scene.
Multiple Locations in Dayton, Texas (Residence)
On August 17, 2020, at approximately 11:15 a.m., an identified male, 60, armed with a shotgun and a rifle, went
to a neighbors' home in Dayton, Texas, where he shot and killed two people. The subject proceeded to another
residence, where he shot and killed a man. The subject then went to a third home, where he shot two people,
wounding both. In total, three people were killed; two people were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by
law enforcement at another location.
Vons Gas Station (Commerce)
On August 21, 2020, at approximately 11:15 a.m., an identified male, 42, armed with a handgun, began shooting
at Vons gas station in Nipomo, California. There were no casualties reported. The shooter was killed by law
enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at the scene.
Interstate 95 in Nashville, North Carolina (Open Space)
On September 5, 2020, at approximately 6:45 p.m., an identified male, 33, armed with a shotgun, began shooting
at cars on Interstate 95 in Nashville, North Carolina. Responding law enforcement located and pursued the
vehicle for 60 miles across the North Carolina-Virginia state line. Three people were wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
"Next Generation All Gas" Protest/Block Party (Open Space)
On September 5, 2020, at approximately 3:00 a.m., an unidentified individual began shooting at the "Next
Generation All Gas" protest/block party in Williston, Florida. Six people were wounded. The shooter remains at
large.
East Market & Restaurant (Commerce)
On October 3, 2020 at approximately 3:10 p.m., an identified male, 33, armed with a handgun, began shooting
inside East Market & Restaurant in Sacramento, California. Two people were killed; one person was wounded.
The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Infinity Lounge (Commerce)
On October 10, 2020, at approximately 2:00 a.m., an identified male, 34, armed with a rifle, began shooting at
the Infinity Lounge in Kingstree, South Carolina. The incident began after the shooter was removed from the
club following an altercation. Following his removal, the subject began firing into the building from the road and
subsequently fled the scene. Eight people were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at
another location.
Sahara Theater (Commerce)
On October 31, 2020, at approximately 1:35 a.m., an identified male, 34, armed with a rifle, began shooting
outside the Sahara Theater in Anaheim, California. Five people were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by
law enforcement at another location 47 days later.
Sports Unlimited Bar and Lounge (Commerce)
On November 7, 2020, at approximately 12:10 a.m., an identified male, 34, armed with a handgun, began
shooting inside the Sports Unlimited Bar and Lounge in Rock Hill, South Carolina. One person was killed; three
people were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location four days later.
Mayfair Mall (Commerce)
On November 20, 2020, at approximately 2:50 p.m., an identified male, 15, armed with a handgun, began
shooting inside the Mayfair Mall in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin. Eight people were wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by law enforcement at another location the following day.
Sonic Restaurant (Commerce)
On November 21, 2020, at approximately 9:23 p.m., an identified male, 23, armed with two handguns and a
shotgun, began shooting inside the Sonic restaurant in Bellevue, Nebraska. Two people were killed; two people
were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Multiple Locations in Henderson, Nevada, and Parker, Arizona (Open Space)
On November 26, 2020, at approximately 12:54 a.m., two identified males, 30 and 28, and an identified female,
25, armed with handguns, began shooting inside and outside a 7-Eleven convenience store in Henderson, Nevada.
The shooters also reportedly drove around shooting at citizens in Parker, Arizona. One person was killed; four
people were wounded. The shooters were apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
West Garfield Park (Open Space)
On December 4, 2020, at approximately 10:50 p.m., an unidentified individual fired shots from the street at a
group of people standing in West Garfield Park in Chicago, Illinois. Four people were wounded. The shooter
remains at large.
La Vaquita Deli (Commerce)
On December 12, 2020, at approximately 6:10 p.m., an identified male, 62, armed with a handgun, began
shooting inside the La Vaquita Deli in Copiague, New York. Two people were killed; two people were wounded.
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
U.S. Army Recruiting Station (Government)
On December 14, 2020, at approximately 6:21 p.m., an identified male, 36, armed with a handgun, began
shooting at a U.S. Army Recruiting Station in Greensboro, North Carolina. There were no casualties reported.
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Get Glammed Beauty Bar (Commerce)
On December 19, 2020, at approximately 12:24 a.m., an unidentified individual opened fire during an after-hours
party at the Get Glammed Beauty Bar in Chicago, Illinois. Five people were wounded. The shooter remains at
large.
Don Carter Lanes (Commerce)
On December 26, 2020, at approximately 6:55 p.m., an identified male, 37, armed with two handguns, began
shooting inside and outside the Don Carter Lanes bowling alley in Rockford, Illinois. Three people were killed;
three people were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Epic Ultra Lounge (Commerce)
On December 31, 2020, at approximately 10:00 p.m., an unidentified individual began shooting outside the Epic
Ultra Lounge in Indianapolis, Indiana. One person was killed; three people were wounded. The shooter remains
at large.
