Various locations in Chicago and Evanston, IL (Commerce)
On January 9, 2021, at approximately
1:50 p.m., an identified male, 32, armed
with a handgun, began a shooting spree
from Chicago to Evanston, Illinois. Five people
were killed (including a security guard); two
people were wounded. The shooter was killed by
law enforcement at the scene in Evanston, Illinois
following an exchange of gunfire.
Various locations, Columbus, OH (Open Space)
On January 25, 2021, at approximately
11:36 a.m., an identified male, 26, armed
with a shotgun, began shooting at several
people throughout the Columbus, Ohio area at
various locations before leading police on a vehicle
chase and crashing. There were no casualties
reported. The shooter was killed in the crash.
Various locations, Houston, TX (Residence)
On January 25, 2021, at approximately
2:20 p.m., an identified male, 43, began
shooting in a neighborhood in Houston,
Texas. The shooter went to a nearby convenience
store and fired several shots at bystanders. The
shooter then walked around the neighborhood
firing his gun. One person was killed. The shooter
was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene
following an exchange of gunfire.
Allina Health Clinic, Buffalo, MN (Health Care)
On February 9, 2021, at approximately
10:54 a.m., an identified male, 67, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside the
Allina Health Clinic in Buffalo, Minnesota. Four
IEDs were planted at the scene, two detonated, and
two were recovered and rendered safe. One person
was killed; four people were wounded. The shooter
was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Jefferson Gun Outlet, Metairie, LA (Commerce)
On February 20, 2021, at approximately
2:50 p.m., an identified male, 27, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside the
Jefferson Gun Outlet, Metairie, Louisiana. Two
people were killed (one employee); two people
were wounded (employees). The shooter was killed
by armed citizens (employees) during an exchange
of gunfire at the scene.
Various locations, Acworth, Atlanta, GA (Commerce)
On March 16, 2021, at approximately
4:58 p.m., an identified male, 21, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside
Young's Asian Massage, Acworth, Georgia. At
approximately 5:45 p.m., the identified male began
shooting inside Gold Spa and Aromatherapy Spa,
Atlanta, Georgia. Eight people (seven employees)
were killed; one person was wounded. The shooter
was apprehended by law enforcement at another
location.
Various locations, Austin, IL (Open Space)
On March 20, 2021, at approximately
11:30 a.m., an identified male, 29, armed
with a handgun, began shooting in various
locations in Austin, Illinois. Two people were
wounded (including one law enforcement officer).
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement
at the scene.
King Soopers Grocery Store, Boulder, CO (Commerce)
On March 22, 2021, at approximately
2:30 p.m., an identified male, 21, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside/
outside the King Soopers Grocery Store, Boulder,
Colorado. Ten people were killed (including one
law enforcement officer). The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at the scene following
an exchange of gunfire.
Various locations, Baltimore County, MD (Commerce)
On March 28, 2021, at approximately
6 a.m., an identified male, 27, armed with a
handgun, began shooting inside a residence
in Baldwin, Maryland. The shooter then
drove to the Royal Farms Store, Essex, Maryland
and began shooting inside and outside the store.
Four people were killed; one person (employee)
was wounded. The shooter returned to his home
and set fire to his apartment before committing
suicide.
Unspecified Commercial Office Complex, Orange, CA (Commerce)
On March 31, 2021, at approximately 5:34
p.m., an identified male, 44, armed with a
handgun, began shooting inside an
unspecified commercial office complex in Orange,
California. Four people were killed; one person was
wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law
enforcement at the scene following an exchange of
gunfire.
Riverside Tech Park/Fort Detrick, Frederick, MD (Government)
On April 6, 2021, at approximately
8:20 a.m., an identified male, 38, armed
with a handgun and a rifle, began shooting
outside a business in Riverside Tech Park,
Frederick, Maryland. The shooter then fled to
nearby Fort Detrick, Maryland. Two people were
wounded. The shooter was killed by the Fort
Detrick security guards at the scene.
Kent Moore Cabinets Corporate, Bryan, TX (Commerce)
On April 8, 2021, at approximately
2:30 p.m., an identified male, 27, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside
Kent Moore Cabinets Corporate, Bryan, Texas. One
person (employee) was killed; six people (five
employees and one law enforcement officer) were
wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law
enforcement at another location.
Snappy Mart Convenience Store, Koshkonong, MO (Commerce)
On April 10, 2021, at approximately 5 a.m.,
an identified male, 28, armed with a
handgun, began shooting inside and
outside the Snappy Mart Convenience Store,
Koshkonong, Missouri. One person was killed;
three people were wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by law enforcement at another
location.
241 Main Street, Branford, CT (Commerce)
On April 13, 2021, at approximately
12 p.m., an identified male, 38, armed with
several handguns and rifles, began shooting
outside 241 Main Street (situated in a commercial
district), Branford, Connecticut. One person
was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at
the scene when confronted by law enforcement.
San Antonio International Airport, San Antonio, TX (Commerce)
On April 15, 2021, at approximately
2:30 p.m., an identified male, 46, armed
with a handgun, began shooting outside
the arrivals area of Terminal B, San Antonio
International Airport, San Antonio, Texas. One
person was wounded. The shooter committed
suicide at the scene during an exchange of gunfire
with law enforcement.
FedEx Ground Plainfield Operations Center, Indianapolis, IN (Commerce)
On April 15, 2021, at approximately
11 p.m., an identified male, 19, armed with
two rifles, began shooting inside and
outside the FedEx Ground Plainfield Operations
Center, Indianapolis, Indiana. Eight people
(employees) were killed; seven people (employees)
were wounded. The shooter committed suicide at
the scene as law enforcement arrived.
Stop & Shop Store, West Hempstead, NY (Commerce)
On April 20, 2021, at approximately
11:19 a.m., an identified male, 30, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside the
Stop & Shop Store, West Hempstead, New York. One
person (employee) was killed; two people (employees)
were wounded. The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at another location.
Wawa Gas Station, Allentown, PA (Commerce)
On April 21, 2021, at approximately
4:48 a.m., an identified male, 45, armed
with a handgun, began shooting in the
Wawa Gas Station parking lot, Allentown,
Pennsylvania. One person was killed; one person
was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at
another location.
Gaslamp Quarter, San Diego, CA (Open Space)
On April 22, 2021, at approximately
10:30 p.m., an identified male, 32, armed
with a handgun, began shooting in the
Gaslamp Quarter, San Diego, California. One person
was killed; four people were wounded. The shooter
was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene
after being restrained by two citizens.
Various locations, Fullerton, CA (Open Space)
On April 27, 2021, at approximately 1 a.m.,
an identified male, 50, armed with a
handgun, began a series of drive-by
shootings in various locations in Fullerton,
California. Two people were killed; one person was
wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement
during an exchange of gunfire at the scene.
Oneida Casino, Green Bay, WI (Commerce)
On May 1, 2021, at approximately
7:27 p.m., an identified male, 62, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside the
Oneida Casino (Duck Creek restaurant inside the
Radisson Hotel & Conference Center) Green Bay,
Wisconsin. Two people were killed (employees);
one person was wounded (employee). The shooter
was killed at the scene by law enforcement during
an exchange of gunfire.
Rigby Middle School, Rigby, ID (Education)
On May 6, 2021, at approximately
9:08 a.m., an identified female, 12, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside
and outside Rigby Middle School, Rigby, Idaho.
Three people (including two students and a school
employee) were wounded. The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at the scene after being
disarmed and restrained by a teacher.
Three Corners Townhouses, Fort Smith, AR (Residence)
On May 15, 2021, at approximately
7:15 a.m., an identified male, 26, armed
with a semi-automatic rifle, began shooting
inside and outside the Three Corners
Townhouses (apartment complex), Fort Smith,
Arkansas. One person was killed. The shooter was
killed at the scene by an armed citizen.
Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority Rail Yard, San Jose, CA (Government)
On May 26, 2021, at approximately
6:34 a.m., an identified male, 57, armed
with three handguns, began shooting in
Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority Rail
Yard, San Jose, California. Nine people (employees)
were killed. The shooter committed suicide when
confronted by law enforcement at the scene.
Various locations, Indianapolis, IN (Open Space)
On May 29, 2021, at approximately
3:36 p.m., an identified male, 22, armed
with two handguns, began shooting in and
around various locations in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Four people were wounded (including a law
enforcement officer). The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement after an exchange of
gunfire at the scene.
Various locations, Atlanta, GA (Open Space)
On June 5, 2021, at approximately
8:35 a.m., an identified male, 22, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at joggers
in two locations in Buckhead District, Atlanta,
Georgia. One person was wounded. The shooter
was apprehended by law enforcement at another
location.
Azuza Hookah Bar and Lounge, Houston, TX (Commerce)
On June 8, 2021, at approximately
1:45 a.m., an unidentified male, armed
with a rifle, began shooting at the Azuza
Hookah Bar and Lounge, Houston, Texas, after
being denied entry. Five people were wounded. The
shooter remains at large.
Publix Grocery Store, Royal Palm Beach, FL (Commerce)
On June 10, 2021, at approximately
11:34 a.m., an identified male, 55, armed
with a handgun, began shooting in the
Publix Grocery Store, Royal Palm Beach, Florida.
Two people were killed. The shooter committed
suicide at the scene before law enforcement
arrived.
Various locations, Phenix City, AL and Columbus, GA (Open Space)
On June 11, 2021, at approximately
8:11 p.m., an identified male, 39, armed
with a handgun, began shooting outside
the Courtyard by Marriott hotel in in Phenix City,
Alabama, wounding one. Two hours later, the
subject shot three more people at an unspecified
location in Columbus, Georgia. On June 12, 2021, at
approximately 2 p.m., the subject shot an individual
under the Oglethorpe Bridge in Columbus,
Georgia. In total, five people were wounded. The
shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at
another location.
Winston-Salem Police Department District One Office, Winston-Salem, NC (Government)
On June 14, 2021, at approximately
3:34 p.m., an identified male, 26, armed
with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting
at Winston-Salem Police Department District One
Office, Winston-Salem, North Carolina. There were
no casualties reported. The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at another location,
following an exchange of gunfire.
Mueller Manufacturing Company, Albertville, AL (Commerce)
On June 15, 2021, at approximately
2:30 a.m., an identified male, 34, armed
with a handgun, began shooting in Mueller
Manufacturing Company, Albertville, Alabama.
Two people (employees) were killed; two people
(employees) were wounded. The shooter committed
suicide at another location before law enforcement
arrived.
Various locations, Phoenix, AZ (Open Space)
On June 16, 2021, at approximately 6 p.m.,
an identified male, 19, armed with a rifle,
began a shooting spree that continued for
two days in various locations in Phoenix, Arizona.
One person was killed; 12 people were wounded.
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement
at another location.
Old Town Arvada, Arvada, CO (Commerce)
On June 21, 2021, at approximately
1:30 p.m., an identified male, 59, armed
with a shotgun, began shooting in Old
Town Arvada, Arvada, Colorado. One person (law
enforcement officer) was killed. The shooter was
killed at the scene by an armed citizen.
Walmart Supercenter #1217, Franklin, NC (Commerce)
On June 23, 2021, at approximately
12:15 a.m., an identified male, 58, armed
with a rifle, began shooting at workers
unloading a truck outside Walmart Supercenter
#1217, Franklin, North Carolina. There were no
casualties reported. The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at another location.
Lock 4 Park, Gallatin, TN (Open Space)
On June 23, 2021, at approximately
3:45 p.m., an identified male, 22, armed
with a handgun, began shooting in Lock 4
Park, Gallatin, Tennessee. Two people were
wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the
scene before law enforcement arrived.
Various locations, Winthrop, MA (Open Space)
On June 26, 2021, at approximately
2:45 p.m., an identified male, 28, armed
with two handguns, began shooting at
people in various locations in Winthrop,
Massachusetts. Two people were killed. The
shooter was killed at the scene by law enforcement
during an exchange of gunfire.
Gallops Gas Station, Kendallville, IN (Commerce)
On June 27, 2021, at approximately
11:59 p.m., an identified male, 24, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside
Gallops Gas Station, Kendallville, Indiana. One
person was killed, two people were wounded. The
shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at
another location.
Various locations, Cleveland Park, Spartanburg, SC (Open Space)
On July 1, 2021, at approximately
2:30 p.m., an identified male, 45, armed
with a gun, began shooting at Spartanburg
Water employees in Spartanburg, South Carolina.
The shooter then went to a nearby home and began
shooting at people. One person was killed; four
people were wounded (including one law enforcement
officer). The shooter was killed at the scene
by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire.
Various locations, Boone, NC (Open Space)
On July 3, 2021, at approximately
10:03 a.m., an identified male, 24, armed
with two handguns, began shooting (from
a vehicle) at people (in vehicles) at various locations,
Boone, North Carolina. One person was
wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law
enforcement at another location.
Various locations, Tucson, AZ (Open Space)
On July 18, 2021, at approximately
3:45 p.m., an identified male, 35, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at people,
emergency personnel, and law enforcement in
various locations in Tucson, Arizona. Three people
were killed (including one emergency personnel);
four people were wounded (including two emergency
personnel). The shooter was killed by law
enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at the
scene.
Palace Inn Motel, Houston, TX (Commerce)
On July 18, 2021, at approximately
11:08 p.m., an identified male, 35 armed
with gun, began shooting at the Palace Inn
Motel, Houston, Texas. Two people were killed; two
people were wounded. The shooter was killed by
law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at
the scene.
Marathon Gas Station and Tony's Gas Station, Toccoa, GA (Commerce)
On August 1, 2021, at approximately
11:37 a.m., an identified male, 31, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at
Marathon Gas Station, Toccoa, Georgia; at approximately
12:42 p.m., the subject began shooting at
Tony's Gas Station, Toccoa, Georgia. Three people
were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by
law enforcement at another location.
Smile Direct Club Facility, Antioch, TN (Commerce)
On August 3, 2021, at approximately
5:58 a.m., an identified male, 22, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside the
Smile Direct Club facility, Antioch, Tennessee.
Three people were wounded, including one
employee and two security personnel. The shooter
was killed by law enforcement at the scene.
Various locations; Richmond County, Wrens, GA; and Graniteville, SC (Open Space)
On August 14, 2021, at approximately
8 a.m., an identified male, 33, armed with
a handgun, began shooting at a vehicle on
U.S. Highway 1, Richmond County, Georgia. At
approximately 8:55 a.m., the shooter began shooting
inside a Family Dollar store in Wrens, Georgia.
At approximately 11:49 a.m., the shooter began
shooting inside a residence in Graniteville, South
Carolina. In total, one person was killed; three
people were wounded. The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at the scene.
Mt. Zion Church, Scott County, MS (House of Worship)
On August 14, 2021, at approximately
1:45 p.m., an identified male, 50, armed
with a rifle and a shotgun, began shooting
at workers at the Mount Zion Church, Scott County,
Mississippi. There were no casualties reported.
The shooter was killed by law enforcement after an
exchange of gunfire at the scene.
South Beach Pier, South Haven, MI (Open Space)
On August 20, 2021, at approximately
2:15 p.m., an identified male, 19, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at people
at the South Beach Pier, South Haven, Michigan.
One person was killed; one person was wounded.
The shooter committed suicide at the scene before
law enforcement arrived.
La Cerveceria de Barrio Restaurant, Miami Beach, FL (Commerce)
On August 24, 2021, at approximately
6:30 p.m., an identified male, 22, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at people
in the La Cerveceria de Barrio restaurant, Miami
Beach, Florida. One person was killed. The shooter
was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Redondo Beach Pier, Redondo Beach, CA (Open Space)
On August 25, 2021, at approximately
8:20 p.m., an identified male, 36, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at people
at the Redondo Beach Pier, Redondo Beach,
California. Two people were wounded. The shooter
was killed by law enforcement at the scene.
Specified residential locations, Lakeland, FL (Residence)
On September 5, 2021, at approximately
4:30 a.m., an identified male, 33, armed
with three guns, began shooting at people
in two separate residences, Lakeland, Florida. Four
people were killed; one person was wounded. The
shooter was apprehended by law enforcement
after an exchange of gunfire at the scene.
Various locations, Las Vegas, NV (Open Space)
On September 6, 2021, between approximately
7:30 p.m. and 9:00 p.m., an identified
male, 35, armed with a handgun,
began shooting at people at various locations in
Las Vegas, Nevada. Three people were killed. The
shooter was apprehended by law enforcement the
following day at another location.
Enigma Club & Lounge, Wichita, KS (Commerce)
On September 7, 2021, at approximately
12:38 a.m., an identified male, 23, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at people
inside the Enigma Club & Lounge, Wichita, Kansas.
One person was killed; five people were wounded.
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement
at another location.
Elks Lodge 473, Colorado Springs, CO (Commerce)
On September 9, 2021, at approximately
3:30 p.m., an identified male, 43, armed
with a handgun and a shotgun, began
shooting at people inside and outside Elks Lodge
473, Colorado Springs, Colorado. Two people
(managers) were killed. The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at another location
eight days later.
Various locations (La Palace nightclub and unspecified neighborhood), Orlando, FL (Open Space)
On September 10, 2021, at approximately
12 a.m., an identified male, 29, armed with
a gun, began shooting at people outside
Le Palace nightclub, and in an unspecified neighborhood,
Orlando, Florida. Four people were
wounded (including a security guard). The shooter
was apprehended by law enforcement at another
location.
Kroger Grocery Store, Collierville, TN (Commerce)
On September 23, 2021, at approximately
1:30 p.m., an identified male, 29, armed
with two handguns and a rifle, began
shooting at people in Kroger Grocery Store,
Collierville, Tennessee. One person was killed; 14
people were wounded (10 employees). The shooter
committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement
arrived.
Various unspecified locations, Los Angeles, CA (Commerce)
On October 8, 2021, at approximately
3:45 p.m., an identified male, 45, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at people
at various unspecified locations in Los Angeles,
California. One person was wounded. The shooter
was killed by law enforcement at the scene.
Agrex Elevator, Superior, NE (Commerce)
On October 21, 2021, at approximately
1:20 p.m., an identified male, 61, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside
Agrex Elevator, Superior, Nebraska. Two people
were killed (employees); one person was wounded
(employee). The shooter was killed at the scene by
an armed citizen (employee) prior to arrival of law
enforcement.
Chevron Gas Station, Las Vegas, NV (Commerce)
On November 4, 2021, at approximately
12:30 a.m., an identified male, 22, armed
with a handgun, began shooting at people
at a Chevron Gas Station, Las Vegas, Nevada. One
person was killed. The shooter was apprehended
by law enforcement at another location.
Interstate 65, Louisville, KY (Open Space)
On November 20, 2021, between approximately
10:11 a.m. and 11:28 a.m., an
identified male, 51, armed with a handgun,
began shooting at people in vehicles on Interstate
65, Louisville, Kentucky. One person was wounded.
The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement
at the scene.
Kalamazoo Transportation Center, Kalamazoo, MI (Commerce)
On November 27, 2021, at approximately
9:12 a.m., an identified male, 54, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside a
bus at Kalamazoo Transportation Center,
Kalamazoo, Michigan. Three people were
wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement
at the scene following an exchange of gunfire.
Oxford High School, Oxford, MI (Education)
On November 30, 2021, at approximately
12:51 p.m., an identified male, 15, armed
with a handgun, began shooting inside
Oxford High School, Oxford, Michigan. Four people
were killed (students); seven people (six students
and one teacher) were wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Various locations, Denver, CO (Commerce)
On December 27, 2021, between approximately
5:25 p.m. and 6:11 p.m., an identified
male, 47, armed with a handgun and a
rifle, began shooting at people at various locations
in Denver and Lakewood, Colorado. Five people
were killed (two employees); two people (including
one law enforcement officer) were wounded. The
shooter was killed by law enforcement after an
exchange of gunfire at another location.
