Edgewater Technology, Inc. (Commerce)
On December 26, 2000, at 11:15 a.m., Michael M. McDermott, 42, armed with a rifle, a shotgun, and a handgun, began
shooting co-workers in the Edgewater Technology Inc. building in Wakefield, Massachusetts. Seven people were killed; no
one was wounded. The shooter was apprehended when police arrived and found him sitting in a conference room.
Amko Trading Store (Commerce)
On January 9, 2001, at 12:00 p.m., Ki Yung Park, 54, fatally shot his estranged wife at a convenience store they owned in
Houston, Texas. Armed with two handguns, he then drove to the nearby Amko Trading Store and continued shooting. Four
people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide when police arrived after being flagged down by a
citizen.
Navistar International Corporation Factory (Commerce)
On February 5, 2001, at 9:40 a.m., William Daniel Baker, 57, armed with two rifles, a handgun, and a shotgun, began shooting
co-workers in the Navistar International Corporation factory in Melrose Park, Illinois. He was to have reported to prison the
next day for stealing from Navistar. Four people were killed; four were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police
arrived.
Santana High School (Education)
On March 5, 2001, at 9:20 a.m., Charles Andrew Williams Jr., 15, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Santana High
School in Santee, California. Two people were killed; 13 were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by an off-duty officer
who heard gunshots.
Granite Hills High School (Education)
On March 22, 2001, at 12:55 p.m., Jason Anthony Hoffman, 18, armed with a shotgun and a handgun, began shooting in
Granite Hills High School in El Cajon, California. No one was killed; five were wounded. The shooter was shot by police. He
committed suicide in jail one week before sentencing.
Laidlaw Transit Services Maintenance Yard (Commerce)
On April 23, 2001 at 6:00 a.m., Cathline Repunte (female), 36, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Laidlaw Transit
Services maintenance yard in San Jose, California. One person was killed; three were wounded. The shooter was restrained by
a co-worker until police arrived and took her into custody.
2
Nu-Wood Decorative Millwork Plant (Commerce)
On December 6, 2001 at 2:31 p.m., Robert L. Wissman, 36, armed with a shotgun, began shooting in the Nu-Wood Decorative
Millwork plant in Goshen, Indiana. He had been fired from his job that morning and returned in the afternoon to begin
shooting. One person was killed; six were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Appalachian School of Law (Education)
On January 16, 2002, at 1:15 p.m., Peter Odighizuma, 43, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Appalachian School of
Law located in Grundy, Virginia. Three people were killed; three were wounded. Three students-two of whom were off-duty
police officers-tackled and restrained the shooter until police arrived and took him into custody.
Bertrand Products, Inc. (Commerce)
On March 22, 2002, at 8:15 a.m., William Lockey, 54, armed with a rifle and a shotgun, began shooting co-workers in
the Bertrand Products, Inc. facility in South Bend, Indiana. As he attempted to flee the scene in a stolen company van, he
exchanged gunfire with police, eventually committing suicide. Four people were killed; five were wounded, including three
police officers.
Tom Bradley International Terminal at Los Angeles International Airport (Government)
On July 4, 2002, at 11:30 a.m., Hesham Mohamed Ali Hadayet, 43 (41, using an alias DOB), entered Los Angeles
International Airport (LAX) in Los Angeles, California, armed with two handguns. He began shooting while standing in line at
the EL AL Israel Airlines ticket counter in the Tom Bradley International Terminal of LAX. Two people were killed; two were
wounded, including one knife injury. An EL AL security official killed the shooter.
18 Miles of U.S. Route 64 from Sallisaw to Roland, Oklahoma (Open Space)
On October 26, 2002, at 5:00 p.m., Daniel Hawke Fears, 18, armed with a shotgun, began shooting from his vehicle at
pedestrians and drivers in Sallisaw, Oklahoma, after a pedestrian accused him of reckless driving. He continued to drive and
shoot at victims for 90 minutes until he crashed into a police blockade in Roland and was taken into custody. Two people were
killed; eight were wounded.
Labor Ready, Inc. (Commerce)
On February 25, 2003, at 6:25 a.m., Emanuel Burl Patterson, 23, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the lobby of Labor
Ready Inc., in Huntsville, Alabama, after arguing with others about a CD player. He then fled the scene. Four people were
killed; one was wounded. The shooter surrendered after police surrounded his apartment eight hours later.
Red Lion Junior High School (Education)
On April 24, 2003, at 7:34 a.m., James Sheets, 14, armed with three handguns, shot and killed the school principal in the
cafeteria at Red Lion Junior High School in Red Lion, Pennsylvania. Though others were present at the scene, the shooter
committed suicide after killing the principal, before police arrived.
Case Western Reserve University, Weatherhead School of Management (Education)
On May 9, 2003, at 3:55 p.m., Biswanath A. Halder, 62, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting in the Weatherhead
School of Management building at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio. One person was killed; two were
wounded. The shooter was wounded during an exchange of gunfire with police.
Modine Manufacturing Company (Commerce)
On July 1, 2003, at 10:28 p.m., Jonathon W. Russell, 25, armed with a handgun, began shooting co-workers in the Modine
Manufacturing Company building in Jefferson City, Missouri. Three people were killed; five were wounded. The shooter fled
the premises and then committed suicide during an exchange of gunfire with police.
Lockheed Martin Subassembly Plant (Commerce)
On July 8, 2003, at 9:30 a.m., Douglas Paul Williams, 48, armed with a shotgun and a rifle, began shooting in the Lockheed
Martin subassembly plant in Meridian, Mississippi. Six people were killed; eight were wounded. The shooter committed
suicide before police arrived.
3
Kanawha County Board of Education (Education)
On July 17, 2003, at 7:00 p.m., Richard Dean Bright, 58, armed with two rifles and two handguns, began shooting during a
Kanawha County Board of Education meeting in Charleston, West Virginia. He attempted to light a board member on fire and
fired one round at board members before three administrators wrestled the gun away from him. No one was killed; one was
wounded.
Gold Leaf Nursery (Commerce)
On July 28, 2003, at 11:40 a.m., Agustin Casarubias-Dominguez, 45, aka Andres Casarrubias, 47, armed with a handgun,
began shooting in the Gold Leaf Nursery facility in Boynton Beach, Florida, where his estranged wife and the man he
believed to be her boyfriend were employed. Three people, including his estranged wife, were killed; no one was wounded.
The shooter was restrained by a citizen while attempting to reload his gun and was taken into custody by police.
Andover Industries (Commerce)
On August 19, 2003, at 8:20 a.m., Richard Wayne Shadle, 32, armed with four handguns, began shooting in the Andover
Industries facility in Andover, Ohio, after his boss threatened to fire him. One person was killed; two were wounded. The
shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Windy City Core Supply, Inc. (Commerce)
On August 27, 2003, at 8:30 a.m., Salvador Tapia Solis, 36, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Windy City Core
Supply, Inc. in Chicago, Illinois, a business from which he had been fired six months prior. Six people were killed; no one was
wounded. After a two-hour standoff, the shooter was killed by police.
Rocori High School (Education)
On September 24, 2003, at 11:35 a.m., John Jason McLaughlin, 15, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Rocori High
School in Cold Spring, Minnesota. A teacher at the school confronted the shooter and ordered him to place his gun on the
ground. The shooter complied. Two people were killed; no one was wounded. Police took the shooter into custody.
Watkins Motor Lines (Commerce)
On November 6, 2003, at 9:57 a.m., Joseph John Eschenbrenner, III (aka Tom West), 50, armed with two handguns, began
shooting in the offices of Watkins Motor Lines in West Chester, Ohio. He had been employed by the Atlanta,Georgia, office of
Watkins Motor Lines until he resigned in 2001. Two people were killed; three were wounded. The shooter was apprehended
by police in Indiana later that day.
Columbia High School (Education)
On February 9, 2004, at 10:30 a.m., Jon William Romano, 16, armed with a shotgun, began shooting while entering Columbia
High School in East Greenbush, New York. No one was killed; one person was wounded. The shooter was restrained by
administrators before police arrived and took him into custody.
ConAgra Plant (Commerce)
On July 2, 2004, at 5:00 p.m., Elijah J. Brown, 21, armed with a handgun, began shooting employees in the ConAgra plant in
Kansas City, Kansas. He had been laid off due to a production slowdown but was rehired six weeks prior to the incident. Six
people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Radio Shack in Gateway Mall (Commerce)
On November 18, 2004, at 6:45 p.m., Justin Michael Cudar, 25, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Radio Shack at
the Gateway Mall in St. Petersburg, Florida. Two people were killed; one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide before
police arrived.
Private Property near Meteor, Wisconsin (Open Space)
On November 21, 2004, at 12:00 p.m., Chai Soua Vang, 36, armed with a rifle, began shooting at hunters in a wooded area
outside of Meteor, Wisconsin, after the hunters found him on their private land. Six people were killed; two were wounded.
The shooter was apprehended by police.
4
DaimlerChrysler's Toledo North Assembly Plant (Commerce)
On January 26, 2005, at 8:34 p.m., Myles Wesley Meyers, 54, armed with a shotgun, returned from his lunch break and began
shooting in DaimlerChrysler's Toledo North Assembly plant in Toledo, Ohio. He took a woman hostage before beginning to
shoot at his co-workers. One person was killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Best Buy in Hudson Valley Mall (Commerce)
On February 13, 2005, at 3:15 p.m., Robert Charles Bonelli Jr., 25, armed with a rifle, began shooting in the Best Buy at the
Hudson Valley Mall in Kingston, New York. The shooter continued firing as he ran farther into the mall until he ran out of
ammunition. No one was killed; two people were wounded. The shooter was restrained by two mall workers until police
arrived and took him into custody.
Living Church of God (House of Worship)
On March 12, 2005, at 12:51 p.m., Terry M. Ratzmann, 44, armed with a handgun, began shooting during a Living Church
of God service at the Sheraton Hotel in Brookfield, Wisconsin. Seven people were killed; four were wounded. The shooter
committed suicide before police arrived.
Red Lake High School and Residence (Education)
On March 21, 2005, at 2:49 p.m., Jeffery James Weise, 16, armed with a shotgun and two handguns, began shooting at Red
Lake High School in Red Lake, Minnesota. Before the incident at the school, the shooter fatally shot his grandfather, who was
a police officer, and another individual at their home. He then took his grandfather's police equipment, including guns and
body armor, to the school. A total of nine people were killed, including an unarmed security guard, a teacher, and five students;
six students were wounded. The shooter committed suicide during an exchange of gunfire with police.
California Auto Specialist and Apartment Complex (Commerce)
On August 8, 2005, at 2:40 p.m., Louis Mitchell Jr., 35, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the California Auto
Specialist facility in Colton, California. The shooter then fled to a nearby apartment complex and continued shooting. Three
people were killed; three were wounded. The shooter was wounded by police as he was apprehended the next day.
Parking Lots in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (Open Space)
On October 7, 2005, at 10:13 a.m., Alexander Elkin, 45, armed with a handgun, shot two people in different parking lots in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He shot his ex-wife and then drove with her body in the car to kill her friend at another location.
An off-duty police officer witnessed the shooting and flagged down an on-duty police officer to pursue the shooter. After an
exchange of gunfire with police, the shooter retreated to his car, where he committed suicide. Two people were killed; no one
was wounded.
Campbell County Comprehensive High School (Education)
On November 8, 2005, at 2:14 p.m., Kenneth S. Bartley, 14, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Campbell County
Comprehensive High School in Jacksboro, Tennessee. Before the shooting, he had been called to the office when
administrators received a report that he had a gun. When confronted, he shot and killed an assistant principal and wounded the
principal and another assistant principal. The shooter was restrained by students and administrators until police arrived and
took him into custody.
Tacoma Mall (Commerce)
On November 20, 2005, at 12:00 p.m., Dominick Sergil Maldonado, 20, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting at
shoppers in the Tacoma Mall in Tacoma, Washington. After he stopped shooting, he barricaded himself and four hostages in a
store. The shooter was apprehended by police after a three-hour standoff. No one was killed; six people were wounded.
Burger King and Huddle House (Commerce)
On November 22, 2005, at 6:10 a.m., an unidentified male armed with a rifle, began shooting in a Burger King in North
Augusta, South Carolina, and then ran to a nearby Huddle House restaurant, where he continued shooting before fleeing. One
person was killed; two were wounded. The suspect was still at large as of September 2014.
5
Santa Barbara U.S. Postal Processing and Distribution Center (Government)
On January 30, 2006, at 7:15 p.m., former postal worker Jennifer San Marco (female), 44, armed with a handgun, began
shooting at her previous place of employment, the Santa Barbara U.S. Postal Processing and Distribution Center in Goleta,
California. Six people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Pine Middle School (Education)
On March 14, 2006, at 9:00 a.m., James Scott Newman, 14, armed with a handgun, began shooting outside the cafeteria at
Pine Middle School in Reno, Nevada. No one was killed; two were wounded. The shooter was restrained by a teacher until
police arrived and took him into custody.
Residence in Capitol Hill Neighborhood, Seattle, Washington (Residence)
On March 25, 2006, at 7:03 a.m., Kyle Aaron Huff, 28, armed with a handgun, a shotgun, and a rifle, began shooting at a rave
after-party in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle, Washington. Six people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter
committed suicide as police confronted him.
Safeway Warehouse (Commerce)
On June 25, 2006, at 3:03 p.m., Michael Julius Ford, 22, armed with a handgun, began shooting in a Safeway warehouse in
Denver, Colorado, after having recently been passed over for a job promotion. After shooting at his co-workers, he began
setting fires in the warehouse. One person was killed; five were wounded, including one police officer. The shooter was killed
by police during an exchange of gunfire.
Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle (House of Worship)
On July 28, 2006, at 4:00 p.m., Naveed Afzal Haq, 30, armed with two handguns, began shooting in the Jewish Federation of
Greater Seattle in Seattle, Washington. He had forced his way in by holding a gun to a 13-year-old girl's head. One person was
killed; five were wounded. The shooter surrendered to police and was taken into custody.
Essex Elementary School and Two Residences (Education)
On August 24, 2006, at 1:55 p.m., Christopher Williams, 26, armed with a handgun, shot at various locations in Essex,
Vermont. He began by fatally shooting his ex-girlfriend's mother at her home and then drove to Essex Elementary School,
where his ex-girlfriend was a teacher. He did not find her, but as he searched, he killed one teacher and wounded another. He
then fled to a friend's home, where he wounded one person. A total of two people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter
also shot himself twice but survived and was apprehended when police arrived at the scene.
Orange High School and Residence (Education)
On August 30, 2006, at 1:00 p.m., Alvaro Castillo, 19, armed with two pipe bombs, two rifles, a shotgun, and a smoke
grenade, began shooting a rifle from his vehicle at his former high school, Orange High School in Hillsborough, North
Carolina. He had fatally shot his father in his home that morning. One person was killed; two were wounded. The shooter was
apprehended by police.
Weston High School (Education)
On September 29, 2006, at 8:00 a.m., Eric Jordan Hainstock, 15, armed with a handgun and a rifle, began shooting in Weston
High School in Cazenovia, Wisconsin. One person was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was restrained by school
employees until police arrived and took him into custody.
West Nickel Mines School (Education)
On October 2, 2006, at 10:30 a.m., Charles Carl Roberts, IV, 32, armed with a rifle, a shotgun, and a handgun, began shooting
at the West Nickel Mines School in Bart Township, Pennsylvania. After the shooter entered the building, he ordered all males
and adults out of the room. After a 20-minute standoff, he began firing. The shooter committed suicide as the police began to
breach the school through a window. Five people were killed; five were wounded.
Memorial Middle School (Education)
On October 9, 2006, at 7:40 a.m., Thomas White, 13, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting in Memorial Middle
School in Joplin, Missouri. His rifle jammed after firing one shot. Hearing the shot, the school principal located the shooter,
escorted him from the building, and turned him over to police. No one was killed or wounded.
6
Trolley Square Mall (Commerce)
On February 12, 2007, at 6:42 p.m., Sulejman Talovic, 18, armed with a shotgun and a handgun, began shooting as he entered
the Trolley Square Mall in Salt Lake City, Utah. Five people were killed; four were wounded. The shooter was killed during
an exchange of gunfire by responding officers, including an off-duty police officer who was in the mall at the time of the
shooting.
ZigZag Net, Inc. (Commerce)
On February 12, 2007, at 8:00 p.m., Vincent Dortch, 44, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting during a ZigZag
Net, Inc. board meeting at the Naval Business Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The shooter had scheduled the board
meeting to discuss a financial dispute with other board members. Three people were killed; one was wounded. The shooter
committed suicide after firing at the police.
Kenyon Press (Commerce)
On March 5, 2007, at 9:00 a.m., Alonso Jose Mendez, 68, armed with a handgun, began shooting at his co-workers in the
Kenyon Press facility in Signal Hill, California. No one was killed; three were wounded. The shooter committed suicide
before police arrived.
Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University (Education)
On April 16, 2007, at 7:15 a.m., Seung Hui Cho, 23, armed with two handguns, began shooting in a dormitory at Virginia
Polytechnic Institute and State University in Blacksburg, Virginia. Two-and-a-half hours later, he chained the doors shut in a
classroom building and began shooting at the students and faculty inside. Thirty-two people were killed; 17 were wounded.
In addition, six students were injured jumping from a second floor classroom and were not included in other reported injury
totals. The shooter committed suicide as police entered the building.
Target Store (Commerce)
On April 29, 2007, at 3:25 p.m., David Wayne Logsdon, 51, armed with a rifle, shot an officer after being pulled over near a
Target retail store in the Ward Parkway Shopping Center in Kansas City, Missouri. He drove into the Target parking lot and
continued shooting as he ran into the building. Two people were killed; eight were wounded, including one police officer. The
shooter was killed by police.
Residence, Latah County Courthouse, and First Presbyterian Church (Government)
On May 19, 2007, around 11:00 p.m., Jason Kenneth Hamilton, 36, armed with two rifles, began shooting outside the Latah
County Courthouse in Moscow, Idaho, killing one police officer and wounding two people, including another police officer.
He then fled to the First Presbyterian Church across the street and continued shooting, killing a citizen and wounding two
people, including another police officer. Before driving to the courthouse, he had fatally shot his wife in their residence. A total
of three people were killed; three were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after police arrived.
Liberty Transportation (Commerce)
On August 8, 2007, at 3:15 p.m., Calvin Coolidge Neyland Jr., 43, armed with at least two handguns and two rifles, began
shooting at his co-workers in the Liberty Transportation facility in Perrysburg, Ohio. He had just been fired. Two people were
killed; no one was wounded. The shooter fled the scene and was apprehended by police two hours later.
Co-op City Apartment Building's Leasing Office (Commerce)
On August 30, 2007, at 7:50 a.m., Paulino Valenzuela, 44, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Co-op City's leasing
office in the Bronx, New York. He had recently lost his job as a janitor at Co-op City and had filed a lawsuit to get his job
back. One person was killed; two were wounded. The shooter fled the scene and later surrendered to police and was taken into
custody.
Giordano and Giordano Law Office (Commerce)
On October 4, 2007, at 2:00 p.m., John Chester Ashley, 63, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Giordano and
Giordano law office in Alexandria, Louisiana. Two people were killed; three were wounded. The shooter was killed by police
after a 10-hour standoff.
7
Residence in Crandon, Wisconsin (Residence)
On October 7, 2007, at 2:45 a.m., Tyler Peterson, 20, a sheriff's deputy armed with a rifle, began shooting during a party at
his ex-girlfriend's house in Crandon, Wisconsin. Six people were killed, including his ex-girlfriend; one was wounded. The
shooter later committed suicide during an exchange of gunfire with police.
Am-Pac Tire Pros (Commerce)
On October 8, 2007, at 7:30 a.m., Robert Becerra, 29, armed with a handgun, began shooting at customers and employees
of Am-Pac Tire Pros in Simi Valley, California. One person was killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide
before police arrived.
SuccessTech Academy (Education)
On October 10, 2007, at 1:02 p.m., Asa Halley Coon, 14, armed with two handguns, began shooting in SuccessTech Academy
in Cleveland, Ohio. No one was killed; four were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Von Maur in Westroads Mall (Commerce)
On December 5, 2007, at 1:42 p.m., Robert Arthur Hawkins, 19, armed with a rifle, began shooting as he exited the elevator
on the third floor of the Von Maur department store in the Westroads Mall in Omaha, Nebraska. Eight people were killed; four
were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Youth with a Mission Training Center/New Life Church (House of Worship)
On December 9, 2007, at 12:29 a.m., Matthew John Murray, 24, armed with a rifle, two handguns, and smoke bombs, entered
the Youth with a Mission Training Center in Arvada, Colorado, and began shooting. Two people were killed; two were
wounded. He then walked seven miles overnight to the New Life Church in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and began shooting
again. The shooter had been expelled from the training center three years prior to the incident. Two additional people were
killed there; three more were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after being shot by church security. A total of four
people were killed; five were wounded.
Kirkwood City Hall (Government)
On February 7, 2008, at 7:00 p.m., Charles Lee Thornton, 52, armed with two handguns, shot a police officer outside the
Kirkwood City Hall in Kirkwood, Missouri. He then took the officer's gun and continued shooting inside the Kirkwood City
Council chambers. Six people were killed, including two police officers; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed by
responding officers who came from the police department across the street.
Louisiana Technical College (Education)
On February 8, 2008, at 8:35 a.m., Latina Williams (female), 23, armed with a handgun, began shooting in a second-floor
classroom at Louisiana Technical College in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. She fired six rounds, then reloaded and committed
suicide before police arrived. Two people were killed; no one was wounded.
Cole Hall Auditorium, Northern Illinois University (Education)
On February 14, 2008, at 3:00 p.m., Steven Phillip Kazmierczak, 27, armed with a shotgun and three handguns, began
shooting in the Cole Hall Auditorium at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb, Illinois. He had attended graduate school
at the university. Five people were killed; 16 were wounded, including three who were injured as they fled. The shooter
committed suicide before police arrived.
Wendy's Fast Food Restaurant (Commerce)
On March 3, 2008, at 12:15 p.m., Alburn Edward Blake, 60, armed with a handgun, began shooting in a Wendy's restaurant in
West Palm Beach, Florida. One person was killed; four were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Player's Bar and Grill (Commerce)
On May 25, 2008, at 2:25 a.m., Ernesto Villagomez, 30, armed with a handgun, began firing inside Player's Bar and Grill in
Winnemucca, Nevada. Two people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was killed by a citizen with a valid firearm
permit before police arrived.
8
Atlantis Plastics Factory (Commerce)
On June 25, 2008, at 12:00 a.m., Wesley Neal Higdon, 25, armed with a handgun, began firing at his co-workers in the
Atlantis Plastics factory in Henderson, Kentucky. Prior to the incident, he was reprimanded by a supervisor for having an
argument with a co-worker and was escorted from the plant. He returned a short time later and began shooting. Five people
were killed; one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Tennessee Valley Unitarian Universalist Church (House of Worship)
On July 27, 2008, at 10:18 a.m., Jim David Adkisson, 58, armed with a shotgun, began shooting in the Tennessee Valley
Unitarian Universalist Church in Knoxville, Tennessee. Two people were killed; seven were wounded. The shooter was
restrained by citizens before police arrived and took him into custody.
Interstate 5 in Skagit County, Washington (Open Space)
On September 2, 2008, at 2:15 p.m., Isaac Lee Zamora, 28, armed with a rifle, shot a police officer at the shooter's home and
then drove down Interstate 5 near Alger in Skagit County, Washington, shooting drivers and another police officer. Six people
were killed, including one police officer; four were wounded, including one police officer. The shooter drove to a police
station and surrendered 40 minutes after the incident began.
The Zone (Commerce)
On January 24, 2009, at 10:37 p.m., Erik Salvador Ayala, 24, armed with a handgun, began shooting at a crowd outside of The
Zone, an under-21 nightclub in Portland, Oregon, and then shot himself before police arrived. He died in the hospital two days
later. Two people were killed; seven were wounded.
Coffee and Geneva Counties, Alabama (Open Space)
On March 10, 2009, at 4:00 p.m. Michael Kenneth McLendon, 28, armed with a rifle, killed five family members at various
locations as he traveled through Coffee and Geneva Counties in southeast Alabama and continued shooting. A total of 10
people were killed; one police officer was wounded. During an exchange of gunfire with police, the shooter committed
suicide.
Pinelake Health and Rehabilitation Center (Health Care)
On March 29, 2009, at 10:00 a.m., Robert Kenneth Stewart, 45, armed with a handgun, a shotgun, and a rifle, began shooting
in the Pinelake Health and Rehabilitation Center in Carthage, North Carolina, where his estranged wife worked. He did not
find her. Eight people were killed; three were wounded, including one police officer. The shooter was apprehended after being
wounded during an exchange of gunfire with police.
American Civic Association Center (Commerce)
On April 3, 2009, at 10:31 a.m., Linh Phat Voong, aka Jiverly Wong, 41, armed with two handguns, began shooting in the
American Civic Association Center in Binghamton, New York. He previously had taken classes at the center. The shooter
blocked the back door of the building with his car and then entered through the front door. Thirteen people were killed; four
were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Kkottongnae Retreat Camp (House of Worship)
On April 7, 2009 at 7:23 p.m., John Suchan Chong, 69, armed with a handgun, began shooting at residents in the Kkottongnae
Retreat Camp in Temecula, California, where he was employed as a handyman. The shooter walked from cabin to cabin
shooting residents until he was restrained by citizens. One person was killed; two were wounded.
Harkness Hall at Hampton University (Education)
On April 26, 2009, at 12:57 a.m., Odane Greg Maye, 18, armed with three handguns, began shooting in Harkness Hall, a
residence hall at Hampton University in Hampton, Virginia, and then shot himself before police arrived. The shooter had
briefly attended the university. A dormitory manager pulled the fire alarm when the shooting began, emptying the building. No
one was killed; two were wounded. He was apprehended by police.
9
Larose-Cut Off Middle School (Education)
On May 18, 2009, at 9:00 a.m., Justin Doucet, 15, armed with a handgun, fired once at a teacher at Larose-Cut Off Middle
School in Cut Off, Louisiana, then went to the bathroom and shot himself. He died a week later. No one was killed or
wounded.
U.S. Army Recruiting Center (Government)
On June 1, 2009, at 10:19 a.m., Carlos Leon Bledsoe, aka Adbulhakim Mujahid Muhammad, 23, armed with two rifles and a
handgun, drove up and began firing on soldiers outside the U.S. Army Recruiting Center in North Little Rock, Arkansas. One
person was killed; one was wounded. The shooter was apprehended by police.
United States Holocaust Memorial Museum (Government)
On June 10, 2009, at 12:52 p.m., James Wenneker von Brunn, 88, armed with a rifle, began shooting in the United States
Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. He shot the security guard who opened the door to the building and
exchanged gunfire with other security guards. One person was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was wounded and
died in custody six months later.
Family Dental Care (Commerce)
On July 1, 2009, at 10:30 a.m., Jaime Paredes, 30, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting in his wife's place of
employment, Family Dental Care office in Simi Valley, California. She had recently filed for divorce. His wife was killed; four
were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by police.
Club LT Tranz (Commerce)
On July 25, 2009, at 4:40 a.m., an unidentified shooter began shooting at employees of Club LT Tranz in Houston, Texas. One
person was killed; two were wounded. The suspect was still at large as of September 2014.
LA Fitness (Commerce)
On August 4, 2009, at 7:56 p.m., George Sodini, 48, armed with three handguns, began shooting in a LA Fitness aerobics
class at the Great Southern Shopping Center in Collier Township, Pennsylvania. He entered the gym, removed his guns from
his gym bag, and began firing in the aerobics studio. Three people were killed; nine were wounded. The shooter committed
suicide before police arrived.
Multiple Locations in Owosso, Michigan (Open Space)
On September 11, 2009, at 7:20 a.m., Harlan James Drake, 33, armed with three handguns, shot at people at two locations in
Owosso, Michigan. He shot a protester on the street and then drove to a gravel quarry, where he killed another person. Two
people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter surrendered to police a few hours later and was taken into custody.
Fort Hood Soldier Readiness Processing Center (Government)
On November 5, 2009, at 1:20 p.m., Nidal Malik Hasan, 39, armed with two handguns, began shooting inside the Fort Hood
Soldier Readiness Processing Center in Fort Hood, Texas. Thirteen people were killed; 32 were wounded, including one police
officer. During an exchange of gunfire, the shooter was wounded and taken into custody.
Reynolds, Smith and Hills (Commerce)
On November 6, 2009, at 11:44 a.m., Jason Samuel Rodriguez, 40, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the consulting
firm of Reynolds, Smith and Hills in Orlando, Florida, his former workplace. One person was killed; five were wounded. The
shooter surrendered to police a few hours later at a family member's home.
Sandbar Sports Grill (Commerce)
On November 7, 2009, at 7:28 p.m., Richard Allan Moreau, 63, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Sandbar Sports
Grill in Vail, Colorado. Before the attack, Moreau had an argument inside the bar and was escorted out by security. One person
was killed; three were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by responding police.
10
Legacy Metrolab (Commerce)
On November 10, 2009, at 11:49 a.m., Robert Beiser, 39, armed with a handgun, a rifle, and a shotgun, began firing in the
Legacy Metrolab in Tualatin, Oregon, his wife's place of employment. One week earlier, his wife had filed for divorce. His
wife was killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Forza Coffee Shop (Commerce)
On November 29, 2009, at 8:15 a.m., Maurice Clemmons, aka Dawson A. Carlisle, 37, armed with a handgun, began shooting
in the Forza Coffee Shop in Pierce County, Washington, a regular gathering place for police officers. Four uniformed police
officers were killed at the scene; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with police after
a two-day manhunt.
Grady Crawford Construction Company (Commerce)
On December 23, 2009, at 1:50 p.m., Richard Matthews, 53, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting in the Grady
Crawford Construction facility in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Two people were killed; one was wounded. The shooter was
restrained by his co-workers until police arrived and took him into custody.
Lloyd D. George U.S. Courthouse and Federal Building (Government)
On January 4, 2010, at 8:02 a.m., Johnny Lee Wicks Jr., 66, armed with a shotgun, began firing inside the lobby of the Lloyd
D. George Federal Building and U.S. Courthouse in Las Vegas, Nevada. He had recently filed a lawsuit against the Social
Security Administration over a reduction in his benefits. One person was killed; one federal law enforcement officer was
wounded. The shooter was killed by federal law enforcement officers as he fled the scene.
ABB Plant (Commerce)
On January 7, 2010, at 6:30 a.m., Timothy Hendron, 51, armed with two handguns, a shotgun, and a rifle, began shooting at
his co-workers in the parking lot at the ABB Plant in St. Louis, Missouri, before moving into the building. He was a party in a
pending lawsuit against his employer regarding the company's retirement plan. Three people were killed; five were wounded.
The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Penske Truck Rental (Commerce)
On January 12, 2010, at 2:00 p.m., Jesse James Warren, 60, armed with two handguns, allegedly began shooting in the Penske
Truck Rental facility in Kennesaw, Georgia, from where he had recently been fired. He entered through the ground-level bay
area where trucks were kept. Three people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by police.
Residence in Brooksville, Florida (Residence)
On January 14, 2010, at 2:59 p.m., John William Kalisz, 55, armed with a handgun, began shooting in a residence in
Brooksville, Florida, where family members ran a home-based business. He then fled to a gas station, where he exchanged
gunfire with police. Three people were killed, including one police officer and one family member; two were wounded,
including one family member. The shooter was shot and apprehended by police.
Farm King Store (Commerce)
On February 3, 2010, at 12:45 p.m., Jonathan Joseph Labbe, 19, armed with a rifle, began shooting inside a Farm King Store
in Macomb, Illinois. Eight people barricaded themselves in the office and remained hidden until police arrived. No one was
killed or wounded. The shooter committed suicide after police arrived.
Inskip Elementary School (Education)
On February 10, 2010, at 12:49 p.m., Mark Stephen Foster, 48, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside Inskip
Elementary School in Knoxville, Tennessee. He had just been informed that his teaching contract would not be renewed. The
shooting occurred after he left the office and returned with a gun. No one was killed; two members of the administration were
wounded. The shooter was apprehended by responding police.
11
Shelby Center, University of Alabama (Education)
On February 12, 2010, at 4:00 p.m., Amy Bishop Anderson (female), 44, armed with a handgun, began shooting during a
biology department meeting in the Shelby Center at the University of Alabama in Huntsville, Alabama. She sat in the meeting
for 30 minutes, then stood up and began firing. Three people were killed; three were wounded. The shooter surrendered to
responding police.
Deer Creek Middle School (Education)
On February 23, 2010, at 3:10 p.m., Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood, 32, armed with a rifle, began shooting in Deer Creek
Middle School in Littleton, Colorado. No one was killed; two people were wounded. The shooter was restrained by teachers
until police arrived and took him into custody.
The Pentagon (Government)
On March 4, 2010, at 6:36 p.m., John Patrick Bedell, 36, armed with a handgun, began shooting at Pentagon police officers
as he approached the entrance to the security screening area at the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia. No one was killed; two
federal law enforcement officers were wounded. The shooter was killed by federal law enforcement officers.
The Ohio State University, Maintenance Building (Education)
On March 9, 2010, at 3:30 a.m., Nathaniel Alvin Brown, 50, armed with two handguns, began shooting in the maintenance
building at The Ohio State University in Columbus, Ohio. He had just been fired for allegedly lying on his job application.
One person was killed; one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Publix Super Market (Commerce)
On March 30, 2010, at 12:00 p.m., Arunya Rouch (female), 41, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the parking lot of
a Publix Supermarket in Tarpon Springs, Florida, killing one person. She had just been fired from the store for threatening a
co-worker. She continued shooting on her way into the store, passing customers on the way to her former supervisor's office.
Responding police officers intercepted her before she reached the office. After an exchange of gunfire, she was wounded. One
person was killed; no one was wounded.
Parkwest Medical Center (Health Care)
On April 19, 2010, at 4:30 p.m., Abdo Ibssa, 38, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Parkwest Medical Center in
Knoxville, Tennessee. He had been distressed over the outcome of his recent surgery and was trying to find his doctor, who
he believed had implanted a microchip in him. When he was unable to find the doctor, he moved to the emergency room and
began shooting. One person was killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Blue Sky Carnival (Open Space)
On May 7, 2010, at 10:22 p.m., Rasheed Cherry, 17, armed with a handgun, began shooting as he ran through the crowd at a
carnival in Bloomfield, New Jersey operated by Blue Sky Amusements and Entertainment, Ltd. No one was killed; one person
was wounded. The shooter was shot by responding police and died several days later.
Boulder Stove and Flooring (Commerce)
On May 17, 2010, at 11:05 a.m., Robert Phillip Montgomery, 53, armed with a handgun, began shooting at the owners in the
back office of Boulder Stove and Flooring in Boulder, Colorado. Two people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter
committed suicide before police arrived.
AT&T Cellular (Commerce)
On May 27, 2010 at 1:00 p.m., Abraham Dickan, 79, armed with a handgun, began shooting in an AT&T Wireless Store in
New York Mills, New York. He had recently been reported to the police by AT&T for harassing and threatening employees.
No one was killed; one person was wounded. The shooter was killed by an off-duty police officer who was a customer in the
store.
12
Yoyito Café (Commerce)
On June 6, 2010, at 10:00 p.m., Gerardo Regalado, 37, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Yoyito Café in Hialeah,
Florida, where his estranged wife was employed. Four people were killed, including his estranged wife; three were wounded.
The shooter fled the scene and committed suicide several blocks away.
Emcore Corporation (Commerce)
On July 12, 2010, at 9:30 a.m., Robert Reza, 37, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Emcore Corporation building
in Albuquerque, New Mexico, his girlfriend's place of employment. After confronting her, he began shooting throughout the
building. Two people were killed; four were wounded, including his girlfriend. The shooter committed suicide after corporate
security arrived.
Hartford Beer Distribution Center (Commerce)
On August 3, 2010, at 7:00 a.m., Omar Sheriff Thornton, 34, armed with two handguns, began shooting at his co-workers
in the Hartford Beer Distribution Center in Manchester, Connecticut. He had been asked to quit for stealing beer from the
warehouse. Eight people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after police arrived.
Kraft Foods Factory (Commerce)
On September 9, 2010, at 8:35 p.m., Yvonne Hiller (female), 43, armed with a handgun, began shooting at her co-workers
in the Kraft Foods Factory in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She had just been suspended from her job and escorted from the
building, but then returned. Two people were killed; one was wounded. The shooter and police exchanged gunfire, and she
was apprehended a short time later.
Fort Bliss Convenience Store (Government)
On September 20, 2010, at 3:00 p.m., Steven Jay Kropf, 63, armed with a handgun, began shooting in a convenience store at
Fort Bliss in El Paso, Texas. One person was killed; one was wounded. The shooter was killed by police.
AmeriCold Logistics (Commerce)
On September 22, 2010, at 9:54 p.m., Akouch Kashoual, 26, armed with a handgun, began shooting at his co-workers in
the break room of the AmeriCold Logistics plant in Crete, Nebraska. No one was killed; three were wounded. The shooter
committed suicide before police arrived.
Gainesville, Florida (Open Space)
On October 4, 2010, at 4:00 p.m., Clifford Louis Miller Jr., 24, armed with a handgun, began shooting as he drove around
Gainesville, Florida. One person-his father-was killed; five were wounded. The shooter committed suicide in a friend's
driveway 13 minutes after the shooting began.
Kelly Elementary School (Education)
On October 8, 2010, at 12:10 p.m., Brendan O'Rourke, aka Brandon O'Rourke, 41, armed with a handgun, began shooting
at Kelly Elementary School in Carlsbad, California, after having jumped the school fence. No one was killed; two students
were wounded. The shooter was tackled and restrained by nearby construction workers until police arrived and took him into
custody.
Washington, D.C. Department of Public Works (Government)
On October 13, 2010, at 6:14 a.m., an unidentified shooter, armed with a handgun, entered a Department of Public Works fleet
management center in Washington, D.C., and began shooting. One person was killed; one was wounded. The shooter escaped
before police arrived. The suspect was still at large as of September 2014.
Walmart (Commerce)
On October 29, 2010, at 8:57 a.m., John Dennis Gillane, 45, armed with two handguns, began shooting at his co-workers in a
Walmart store in Reno, Nevada. The shooter purchased ammunition for one of the handguns at the store before the shooting.
No one was killed; three were wounded. The shooter surrendered to police after a standoff where he barricaded himself in an
office.
13
Panama City School Board Meeting (Education)
On December 14, 2010, at 2:14 p.m., Clay Allen Duke, 56, armed with a handgun, began shooting during a school board
meeting in the Nelson Administrative Building in Panama City, Florida. The shooter's wife had previously been employed
by the school district. After allowing several people to leave the room, the shooter fired in the direction of board members.
No one was killed or wounded. The shooter committed suicide during an exchange of gunfire with the school district's armed
security.
Millard South High School (Education)
On January 5, 2011, at 12:44 p.m., Richard L. Butler Jr., 17, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Millard South High
School in Omaha, Nebraska. Earlier that day, the assistant principal had suspended the shooter for allegedly driving his car
onto the football field. The assistant principal was killed; the principal was wounded. The shooter committed suicide after
fleeing the site of the shooting.
Safeway Grocery (Open Space)
On January 8, 2011, at 10:10 a.m., Jared Lee Loughner, 22, armed with a handgun, began shooting during a congressional
town hall meeting sponsored by U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords outside a Safeway store in Tucson, Arizona. Six
people were killed; 13 were wounded, including Rep. Giffords. The shooter was restrained by citizens before police arrived
and took him into custody.
Minaret Temple 174 (Commerce)
On April 8, 2011, at 11:27 p.m., Kanai Daniel Avery, 16, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting during a party at the
Minaret Temple 174 in Chester, Pennsylvania. Two people were killed; eight were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by
police.
Copley Township Neighborhood, Ohio (Residence)
On August 7, 2011, at 10:55 a.m., Michael Edward Hance, 51, armed with two handguns, began shooting in a neighborhood in
Copley Township, Ohio, where many of his girlfriend's family members were present. Seven people were killed; his girlfriend
was wounded. The shooter was killed by police.
House Party in South Jamaica, New York (Residence)
On August 27, 2011, at 12:40 a.m., Tyrone Miller, 22, and an additional unidentified shooter(s), armed with handguns,
allegedly began shooting at a house party in the Queens, New York, neighborhood of South Jamaica. Miller had left the party
earlier that night after getting into an argument. He returned 10 minutes later and opened fire. No one was killed; 11 were
wounded. The shooter(s) escaped, and Miller was arrested two years later in North Carolina. The unidentified suspect(s) was
still at large as of September 2014.
International House of Pancakes (Commerce)
On September 6, 2011, at 8:58 a.m., Eduardo Sencion, aka Eduardo Perez-Gonzalez, 32, armed with a rifle, began shooting
in an International House of Pancakes in Carson City, Nevada. Three members of the U.S. Air National Guard were killed,
and two were wounded. In total, four people were killed; seven were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police
arrived.
Crawford County Courthouse (Government)
On September 13, 2011, at 3:37 p.m., Jesse Ray Palmer, 48, armed with three handguns and a rifle, entered the Crawford
County Courthouse in Girard, Kansas. He inquired about the location of a specific judge, who was not in the building, and
then shot and wounded the judge's secretary. No one was killed; one person was wounded. The shooter was killed by police.
Lehigh Southwest Cement Plant (Commerce)
On October 5, 2011, at 4:15 a.m., Frank William Allman, aka Shareef Allman, 49, armed with two rifles, one shotgun, and one
handgun, began shooting at his co-workers in the Lehigh Southwest Cement plant in Cupertino, California, after he had locked
the door during a meeting with them. Three people were killed; seven were wounded. The shooter was killed by police after
fleeing the scene.
14
Salon Meritage (Commerce)
On October 12, 2011, at 1:20 p.m., Scott Evans Dekraai, 41, armed with three handguns and wearing body armor, began
shooting in Salon Meritage, in Seal Beach, California, his ex-wife's place of employment. Seven people were killed, including
his ex-wife; one was wounded. The shooter fled the scene and was later apprehended by police.
Southern California Edison Corporate Office Building (Commerce)
On December 16, 2011, at 1:30 p.m., Andre Turner, 51, armed with a handgun, began shooting his at his co-workers in a
Southern California Edison corporate office building in Irwindale, California. Turner had just been told he would not receive
a Christmas bonus and might be laid off. Two people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before
police arrived.
McBride Lumber Company (Commerce)
On January 13, 2012, at 6:10 a.m., Ronald Dean Davis, 50, armed with a shotgun, began shooting at his co-workers in
McBride Lumber Company in Star, North Carolina. Three people were killed; one was wounded. The shooter shot himself at
another location and later died in the hospital.
Middletown City Court (Government)
On February 8, 2012, at 9:05 a.m., Timothy Patrick Mulqueen, 43, armed with a shotgun, began shooting as he entered the
Middletown City Court in Middletown, New York. No one was killed; one police officer was wounded. The shooter was killed
by police.
Chardon High School (Education)
On February 27, 2012, at 7:30 a.m., Thomas Michael Lane, III, 17, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the cafeteria at
Chardon High School in Chardon, Ohio. The shooter was chased out of the building by a school coach. Three people were
killed; three were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by police near the school.
University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, Western Psychiatric Institute and Clinic (Education)
On March 8, 2012, at 1:40 p.m., John Schick, 30, armed with two handguns, began shooting inside the lobby of the Western
Psychiatric Institute and Clinic at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. One person was
killed; seven were wounded, including one police officer. The shooter was killed by University of Pittsburgh police.
J.T. Tire (Commerce)
On March 23, 2012, at 3:02 p.m., O'Brian McNeil White, 24, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the J.T. Tire store in
Durham, North Carolina. Two people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter fled but was arrested a week later.
Oikos University (Education)
On April 2, 2012, at 10:30 a.m., Su Nam Ko, aka One L. Goh, 43, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside Oikos
University in Oakland, California. He then killed a woman to steal her car. Seven people were killed; three were wounded.
The shooter was arrested by police later that day.
Streets of Tulsa, Oklahoma (Open Space)
On April 6, 2012, at 1:03 a.m., Jacob Carl England, 19, and Alvin Lee Watts, 32, each armed with a handgun, began shooting
as they drove around the streets of Tulsa, Oklahoma. Three people were killed; two were wounded. The shooters were arrested
by police the next day.
Café Racer (Commerce)
On May 30, 2012, at 10:52 a.m., Ian Lee Stawicki, 40, armed with two handguns, began shooting inside Café Racer in Seattle,
Washington, where he had been banned from entering because of previous incidents. He then fled to a parking lot, where
he killed a woman to steal her car. Five people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at another
location.
15
Copper Top Bar (Commerce)
On July 17, 2012, at 12:29 a.m., Nathan Van Wilkins, 44, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting in the Copper Top Bar
in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. Prior to the shooting, he shot a person in a nearby subdivision. No one was killed; 18 people were
wounded. The shooter was apprehended later by police.
Cinemark Century 16 (Commerce)
On July 20, 2012, at 12:30 a.m., James Eagan Holmes, 24, armed with a rifle, a shotgun, and a handgun, allegedly began
shooting after releasing tear gas canisters in a theater at the Cinemark Century 16 movie theaters in Aurora, Colorado. Twelve
people were killed; 58 were wounded. The shooter, who was wearing body armor, was apprehended by police. Police later
found the shooter's apartment booby-trapped with explosives.
Sikh Temple of Wisconsin (House of Worship)
On August 5, 2012, at 10:25 a.m., Wade Michael Page, 40, armed with a handgun, began shooting outside the Sikh Temple
of Wisconsin in Oak Creek, Wisconsin and then moved inside and continued to shoot. The shooter exited the building and
confronted the responding police officer, wounding him. He then fired on a second responding police officer, who returned
fire and wounded the shooter. Six people were killed; four were wounded, including one police officer. The shooter committed
suicide after being shot in the stomach by the second responding officer.
Perry Hall High School (Education)
On August 27, 2012, at 10:45 a.m., Robert Wayne Gladden Jr., 15, armed with a shotgun, shot a classmate in the cafeteria
of Perry Hall High School in Baltimore, Maryland. The shooter had an altercation with another student before the shooting
began. He left the cafeteria and returned with a gun. No one was killed; one person was wounded. The shooter was restrained
by a guidance counselor before being taken into custody by the school's resource officer.
Pathmark Supermarket (Commerce)
On August 31, 2012, at 4:00 a.m., Terence Tyler, 23, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting at his co-workers in
a Pathmark supermarket in Old Bridge, New Jersey. He returned after his shift dressed in military fatigues and carrying his
weapons. He shot at a co-worker outside the store who ran inside and locked the door, warning other employees. The shooter
gained entry to the store by shooting out the lock. Two people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed
suicide before police arrived.
Accent Signage Systems (Commerce)
On September 27, 2012, at 4:35 p.m., Andrew John Engeldinger, 36, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Accent
Signage Systems facility in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The shooter had just been fired from the company. Six people were
killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Las Dominicanas M&M Hair Salon (Commerce)
On October 18, 2012, at 11:04 a.m., Bradford Ramon Baumet, 36, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Las
Dominicanas M&M Hair Salon in Casselberry, Florida. The shooter had been served earlier that month with a domestic
violence court order involving his ex-girlfriend, who managed the salon. Three people were killed; his ex-girlfriend was
wounded. The shooter committed suicide at another location.
Azana Day Salon (Commerce)
On October 21, 2012, at 11:09 a.m., Radcliffe Franklin Haughton, 45, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Azana
Day Salon in Brookfield, Wisconsin, his estranged wife's place of employment. Three were killed, including his estranged
wife; four were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Valley Protein (Commerce)
On November 6, 2012, at 8:15 a.m., Lawrence Jones, 42, armed with a handgun, began shooting at his co-workers in the
Valley Protein processing plant in Fresno, California. The shooting took place midway through his shift. Two people were
killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
16
Clackamas Town Center Mall (Commerce)
On December 11, 2012, at 3:25 p.m., Jacob Tyler Roberts, 22, armed with a rifle, began shooting at people waiting to see
Santa Claus in the Clackamas Town Center Mall in Happy Valley, Oregon. Two people were killed; one was wounded. The
shooter committed suicide before police arrived.
Sandy Hook Elementary School and Residence (Education)
On December 14, 2012, at 9:30 a.m., Adam Lanza, 20, armed with two handguns and a rifle, shot through the secured front
door to enter Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. He killed 20 students and six adults, and wounded
two adults inside the school. Prior to the shooting, the shooter killed his mother at their home. In total, 27 people were killed;
two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after police arrived.
St. Vincent's Hospital (Health Care)
On December 15, 2012, at 4:00 a.m., Jason Heath Letts, 38, armed with a handgun, began shooting in St. Vincent's Hospital in
Birmingham, Alabama. No one was killed; three were wounded, including one police officer. The shooter was killed by police.
Frankstown Township, Pennsylvania (Open Space)
On December 21, 2012, at 8:59 a.m., Jeffrey Lee Michael, 44, armed with two handguns, began shooting at citizens as he
drove around Frankstown Township, Pennsylvania. Three people were killed; three police officers were wounded. The shooter
was killed by police.
Taft Union High School (Education)
On January 10, 2013, at 8:59 a.m., Bryan Oliver, 16, armed with a shotgun, allegedly began shooting in a science class at Taft
Union High School in Taft, California. No one was killed; two people were wounded. An administrator persuaded the shooter
to put the gun down before police arrived and took him into custody.
Osborn Maledon Law Firm (Commerce)
On January 30, 2013, at 10:45 a.m., Arthur Douglas Harmon, III, 70, armed with a handgun, began shooting during a
mediation session in the Osborn Maledon law firm in Phoenix, Arizona. Two people were killed; one was wounded. The
shooter later committed suicide at another location.
John's Barbershop and Gaffey's Clean Car Center (Commerce)
On March 13, 2013, at 9:30 a.m., Kurt Myers, 64, armed with a shotgun, began shooting in John's Barbershop in Mohawk,
New York, then drove to Gaffey's Clean Car Center in nearby Herkimer, New York, and continued shooting. The shooter then
barricaded himself in an abandoned building in the vicinity. Four people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was
killed later by federal law enforcement officers.
New River Community College, Satellite Campus (Education)
On April 12, 2013, at 1:55 p.m., Neil Allen MacInnis, 22, armed with a shotgun, began shooting in the New River Community
College satellite campus in the New River Valley Mall in Christiansburg, Virginia. No one was killed; two were wounded. The
shooter was apprehended by police after being detained by an off-duty mall security officer as he attempted to flee.
Pinewood Village Apartments (Residence)
On April 21, 2013, at 9:30 p.m., Dennis Clark III, 27, armed with a handgun and a shotgun, began shooting in the Pinewood
Village Apartments in Federal Way, Washington. He shot his girlfriend in an apartment and then walked outside and continued
shooting. Four people were killed, including his girlfriend; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed by police.
Brady, Texas and Jacksonville, North Carolina (Open Space)
On May 26, 2013, at 4:30 a.m., Esteban Jimenez Smith, 23, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting from a moving
vehicle as he drove down a road in Brady, Texas. He had earlier fatally shot his wife in Jacksonville, North Carolina. Two
people were killed, including his wife; five were wounded, including one police officer. The shooter was killed by police.
17
Santa Monica College and Residence (Education)
On June 7, 2013, at 11:52 a.m., John Zawahri, 23, armed with a handgun, fatally shot his father and brother in their home in
Santa Monica, California. He then carjacked a vehicle and forced the driver to take him to the Santa Monica College campus.
He allowed the driver to leave her vehicle unharmed but continued shooting until he was killed in an exchange of gunfire with
police. Five people were killed; four were wounded.
Parking Lots for Kellum Law Firm and Walmart (Open Space)
On June 21, 2013, at 11:44 a.m., Lakin Anthony Faust, 23, armed with a shotgun, began shooting outside the Kellum Law
Firm in Greenville, North Carolina and then crossed the street and continued shooting at individuals in the Walmart parking
lot. No one was killed; four were wounded. The shooter was wounded during an exchange of gunfire with police and then
taken into custody.
Hialeah Apartment Building (Residence)
On July 26, 2013, at 6:30 p.m., Pedro Alberto Vargas, 42, set his apartment complex on fire in Hialeah, Florida. Then, armed
with a handgun, he began shooting outside the complex. Six people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter barricaded
himself and two hostages inside the apartment building. He was killed by police.
Pennsylvania Municipal Building (Government)
On August 5, 2013, at 7:19 p.m., Rockne Warren Newell, 59, armed with a rifle and a handgun, entered the Ross Township
Municipal Building in Saylorsburg, Pennsylvania, during a Ross Township meeting. He allegedly shot through a wall into the
meeting room and then entered the room and continued firing. Newell had a history of disputes with the township over permits
for his home. Three people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was restrained by citizens until police arrived and
took him into custody.
Lake Butler, Florida (Open Space)
On August 24, 2013, at 9:20 a.m., Hubert Allen Jr., 72, armed with a rifle and a shotgun, began shooting at his co-workers
from Pritchett Trucking, Inc., as he drove around Lake Butler, Florida. He then returned home, where he committed suicide.
Two people were killed; two were wounded.
Washington Navy Yard Building 197 (Government)
On September 16, 2013, at 8:16 a.m., Aaron Alexis, 34, armed with a shotgun, began shooting in Building 197 at the
Washington Navy Yard in Washington, D.C. During the shootings, he shot a security officer and took the officer's handgun,
allowing him to continue shooting when he ran out of shotgun shells. Twelve people were killed; seven were wounded,
including two police officers. The shooter was killed by police.
Sparks Middle School (Education)
On October 21, 2013, at 7:16 a.m., Jose Reyes, 12, armed with a handgun, began shooting outside Sparks Middle School in
Sparks, Nevada. A teacher was killed when he confronted the shooter; two people were wounded. The shooter committed
suicide before police arrived.
Albuquerque, New Mexico (Open Space)
On October 26, 2013, at 11:20 a.m., Christopher Thomas Chase, 35, armed with three handguns and two rifles, began shooting
at police officers in Albuquerque, New Mexico. The shooter, who was wearing body armor, forced a citizen to call the police
and then ambushed and shot at the two responding officers before fleeing in their vehicle. Other officers were shot at while
pursuing the shooter. No one was killed; four police officers were wounded. The shooter was killed by police during the
pursuit, which ended when the vehicle crashed into a gas station pump.
Los Angeles International Airport (Government)
On November 1, 2013, at 9:18 a.m., Paul Anthony Ciancia, 23, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting in Terminal 3
of Los Angeles International Airport in Los Angeles, California. He pulled the gun from his duffle bag as he approached
a security checkpoint, firing as he moved further into the terminal. One unarmed Transportation Security Administration
security officer was killed and two were wounded; one additional citizen was also wounded. The shooter was wounded and
then apprehended by police.
18
Arapahoe High School (Education)
On December 13, 2013, at 12:30 p.m., Karl Halverson Pierson, 18, armed with a shotgun, machete, and three Molotov
cocktails, began shooting in the hallways of Arapahoe High School in Centennial, Colorado. As he moved through the school
and into the library, he fired one additional round and lit a Molotov cocktail, throwing it into a bookcase and causing minor
damage. One person was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide as a school resource officer approached
him.
Renown Regional Medical Center (Health Care)
On December 17, 2013, at 2:00 p.m., Alan Oliver Frazier, 51, armed with a shotgun and two handguns, began shooting in
the Renown Regional Medical Center in Reno, Nevada. One person was killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed
suicide at the scene after police arrived.
Berrendo Middle School (Education)
On January 14, 2014, at 7:30 a.m., Mason Andrew Campbell, 12, armed with a shotgun, began shooting in Berrendo Middle
School in Roswell, New Mexico. A teacher at the school confronted and ordered him to place his gun on the ground. The
shooter complied. No one was killed; 3 were wounded: 2 students and an unarmed security guard. The shooter was taken
into custody.
Martin's Supermarket (Commerce)
On January 15, 2014, at 10:09 p.m., Shawn Walter Bair, 22, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Martin's Supermarket
in Elkhart, Indiana. Two were killed, including 1 employee; no one was wounded. Law enforcement killed the shooter
without an exchange of gunfire.
The Mall in Columbia (Commerce)
On January 25, 2014, at 11:15 a.m., Darion Marcus Aguilar, 19, armed with a shotgun and explosive devices, began shooting
in The Mall in Columbia in Columbia, Maryland, first in a retail store, then in the open mall. Two store employees were
killed; 5 mall patrons were wounded. One person was shot in the ankle and 4 others suffered other medical emergencies. The
shooter committed suicide before law enforcement arrived.
Cedarville Rancheria Tribal Office (Government)
On February 20, 2014, at 3:30 p.m., Cherie Louise Rhoades (female), 44, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at
an eviction hearing at the Cedarville Rancheria Tribal Office in Alturas, California. Four people were killed, including 3 of
the shooter's relatives; 2 were wounded. After the shooter expended all of her ammunition, a citizen was able to restrain her
until law enforcement arrived.
Fort Hood Army Base (Government)
On April 2, 2014, at 4:00 p.m., Ivan Antonio Lopez-Lopez, 34, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside an
administrative office on the Fort Hood Army Base in Texas. The active-duty soldier then moved (sometimes on foot, other
times in a vehicle) from one location to another, firing inside and outside buildings. Three soldiers were killed; 12 were
wounded. The shooter committed suicide after being confronted by a military law enforcement officer.
Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City and Village Shalom Retirement Community (House of Worship)
On April 13, 2014, at 1:00 p.m., Frazier Glenn Miller, Jr., 73, armed with two handguns and a shotgun, began shooting in the
parking lot of the Jewish Community Center of Greater Kansas City in Overland Park, Kansas, killing 2, and then drove to
a nearby parking lot of the Village Shalom retirement community, killing 1. A total of 3 people were killed; no one else was
wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at a nearby elementary school.
Federal Express (Commerce)
On April 29, 2014, at 5:50 a.m., Geddy Lee Kramer, 19, armed with a shotgun and explosive devices began shooting
coworkers in a Federal Express sorting facility in Kennesaw, Georgia. He shot an unarmed security guard at the entrance
control point and made his way into the facility where he shot 5 more. No one was killed; 6 were wounded. The shooter
committed suicide before law enforcement arrived.
19
Residence and Construction Site in Jonesboro, Arkansas (Residence)
On May 3, 2014, at 1:00 p.m., Porfirio Sayago-Hernandez, 40, armed with a handgun, began shooting at a friend's home in
Jonesboro, Arkansas, where 2 people were killed and 4 were wounded. The shooter then drove to a nearby construction site
and killed 1. A total of 3 people were killed; 4 were wounded. The shooter fled the scene and committed suicide at another
location.
Multiple Locations in Isla Vista, California (Open Space)
On May 23, 2014, at 9:27 p.m., Elliot Rodger, 22, armed with a handgun and several knives, began shooting in the first of
17 locations in Isla Vista, California. After stabbing 3 inside his apartment earlier that day, the shooter began driving through
town, shooting from his car. He killed 3 and wounded 7 and struck and wounded another 7 with his vehicle. A total of 6
people were killed; 14 were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after being wounded during an exchange of gunfire
with law enforcement.
Seattle Pacific University (Education)
On June 5, 2014, at 3:25 p.m., Aaron Rey Ybarra, 26, armed with a shotgun, allegedly began shooting in Otto Miller Hall at
Seattle Pacific University in Seattle, Washington. He was confronted and pepper sprayed by a student as he was reloading.
One person was killed; 3 were wounded. Students restrained the shooter until law enforcement arrived.
Forsyth County Courthouse (Government)
On June 6, 2014, at 10:00 a.m., Dennis Ronald Marx, 48, armed with three handguns, a rifle, and chemical grenades,
began shooting from his vehicle outside the Forsyth County Courthouse in Cumming, Georgia. No one was killed; 1 law
enforcement officer was wounded. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Cici's Pizza and Walmart (Commerce)
On June 8, 2014, at 11:20 a.m., husband and wife, Jerad Dwain Miller, 31 and Amanda Renee Miller (female), 22, each
armed with a handgun, one with a shotgun, began shooting at Cici's Pizza in Las Vegas, Nevada, killing 2 law enforcement
officers who were having lunch. The shooters took the officers' weapons and ammunition and fled to a nearby Walmart,
where they killed an armed citizen who tried to intervene. Three people were killed; no one was wounded. The male shooter
was killed in an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement; the female shooter committed suicide during an exchange of
gunfire with law enforcement.
Reynolds High School (Education)
On June 10, 2014, at 8:05 a.m., Jared Michael Padgett, 15, armed with a handgun and a rifle, began shooting inside the boy's
locker room at Reynolds High School in Portland, Oregon. One student was killed; 1 teacher was wounded. The shooter
committed suicide in a bathroom stall after law enforcement arrived.
Sister Marie Lenahan Wellness Center (Health Care)
On July 24, 2014, at 2:20 p.m., Richard Steven Plotts, 49, armed with a handgun entered his psychiatrist's office at Sister
Marie Lenahan Wellness Center in Darby, Pennsylvania, and began shooting, killing his caseworker and wounding his
doctor. The doctor, who possessed a valid firearms permit, returned fire. One person was killed; 1 was wounded. Employees
restrained the wounded shooter until law enforcement arrived.
Hon-Dah Resort Casino and Conference Center (Commerce)
On August 2, 2014, at 6:38 p.m., Justin Joe Armstrong, 28, armed with a rifle, began shooting in the parking lot of the
Hon-Dah Resort Casino and Conference Center in Pinetop, Arizona. After wounding 2, the shooter moved to the middle of
the nearby highway and began shooting at passing cars. No one was killed; 2 people were wounded, including the wounding
of an unarmed security guard. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
United Parcel Service (Commerce)
On September 23, 2014, at 9:20 a.m., Kerry Joe Tesney, 45, armed with a handgun, began shooting in a UPS shipping
facility in Birmingham, Alabama, from where he had recently been fired. Two supervisors were killed; no one was wounded.
The shooter committed suicide before law enforcement arrived.
20
Marysville-Pilchuck High School (Education)
On October 24, 2014, at 10:39 a.m., Jaylen Ray Fryberg, 15, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the cafeteria of
Marysville-Pilchuck High School in Marysville, Washington. Four students were killed, including the shooter's cousin;
3 students were wounded, including one who injured himself while fleeing the scene. The shooter, when confronted by a
teacher, committed suicide before law enforcement arrived.
Florida State University (Education)
On November 20, 2014, at 12:00 a.m., Myron May, 31, armed with a handgun, began shooting in Strozier Library at Florida
State University in Tallahassee, Florida. He was an alumnus of the university. No one was killed; 3 were wounded. The
shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with campus law enforcement.
Neighborhood in Tallahassee, Florida (Residence)
On November 22, 2014, at 10:15 a.m., Curtis Wade Holley, 53, armed with a handgun, began shooting at officers responding
to a 911 call at his residence in Tallahassee, Florida. The shooter appeared to have purposely set his house on fire so he could
ambush first responders. One law enforcement officer was killed; 1 law enforcement officer was wounded. The shooter was
killed by an off-duty law enforcement officer during an exchange of gunfire.
Government Buildings in Austin, Texas (Government)
On November 28, 2014, at 2:21 a.m., Larry Steven McQuilliams, 49, armed with a handgun, a rifle, and explosive devices,
began shooting at a federal courthouse building in Downtown Austin, Texas. He continued shooting at the Mexican
Consulate, where he also ignited a fire, then headed to the Austin law enforcement headquarters. No one was killed or
wounded. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Multiple Locations in Moscow, Idaho (Open Space)
On January 10, 2015, at 2:31 p.m., John Lee, aka Kane Grzebielski, 29, began shooting in the first of three locations in
Moscow, Idaho. After killing his landlord and wounding another at Northwestern Mutual Insurance, the shooter then drove
to a nearby Arby's restaurant and killed another. The shooter then drove to his mother's home and killed her. Three were
killed; 1 was wounded. Law enforcement later apprehended the shooter after a car chase.
Melbourne Square Mall (Commerce)
On January 17, 2015, at 9:31 a.m., Jose Garcia-Rodriguez, 57, armed with three handguns, began shooting at his wife's
workplace, Scotto Pizza in Melbourne Square Mall in Melbourne, Florida. One person was killed; the shooter's wife was
wounded. The shooter committed suicide before law enforcement arrived.
New Hope City Hall (Government)
On January 26, 2015, at 7:15 p.m., Raymond Kenneth Kmetz, 68, armed with a shotgun, began shooting as a city council
meeting was ending at New Hope City Hall in New Hope, Minnesota. No one was killed; 4 were wounded: 2 law
enforcement officers were shot, and 2 civilians sustained minor injuries. The shooter was killed during an exchange of
gunfire with law enforcement.
Monroeville Mall (Commerce)
On February 7, 2015, at 7:33 p.m., Tarod Tyrell Thornhill, 17, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting in Macy's
department store in Monroeville Mall in Monroeville, Pennsylvania. No one was killed; 3 were wounded. The shooter fled
the scene and was apprehended by law enforcement several hours later.
Sioux Steel Pro∙Tec (Commerce)
On February 12, 2015, at 2:00 p.m., Jeffrey Scott DeZeeuw, 51, armed with a handgun, began shooting coworkers at a steel
mill in Lennox, South Dakota. One coworker was killed; 2 were wounded, including 1 who tried to intervene. The shooter
fled the scene and committed suicide at another location.
21
Dad's Sing Along Club (Commerce)
On March 14, 2015, at 2:00 a.m., Richard Castilleja, 29, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the parking lot of Dad's Sing Along Club in San Antonio, Texas. After being ejected from the club earlier in the evening, the shooter returned and shot at bar patrons as they left the club. No one was killed; 2 were wounded. Law enforcement killed the shooter without an exchange of gunfire.
Multiple Locations in Mesa, Arizona (Open Space)
On March 18, 2015, 8:39 a.m., Ryan Elliot Giroux, 41, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at the Tri-City Inn motel in Mesa, Arizona, killing 1 and wounding 2. The shooter fled to Bistro 13, a restaurant at the East Valley Institute of Technology, where he wounded a student and carjacked an instructor. He then wounded 2 at separate residential buildings. One person was killed; 5 were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement several hours later.
Residence in Panama City Beach, Florida (Residence)
On March 28, 2015, at 12:53 a.m., David Jamichael Daniels, 21, armed with a handgun, began shooting at a spring break party at a residence in Panama City Beach, Florida. No one was killed; 7 were wounded. The suspect fled the scene and was apprehended by law enforcement several hours later.
North Milwaukee Avenue, Chicago (Open Space)
On April 19, 2015, at 11:50 p.m., Everardo Custodio, 21, armed with a handgun, began shooting into a crowd of people on North Milwaukee Avenue in Chicago, Illinois. No one was killed or wounded. A citizen with a valid firearms permit shot the suspect and restrained him until law enforcement arrived and took him into custody.
Trestle Trail Bridge, Wisconsin (Open Space)
On May 3, 2015, at 7:30 p.m., Sergio Daniel Valencia Del Toro, 27, armed with two handguns, began shooting into a crowd of people on the Trestle Trail Bridge in Menasha, Wisconsin. Three people were killed; 1 was wounded. The shooter shot himself before law enforcement arrived at the scene and died a few hours later.
Walmart Supercenter (Commerce)
On May 26, 2015, at 1:00 a.m., Marcell Travon Willis, 21, an active-duty U.S. airman, armed with a handgun, began shooting at a Walmart Supercenter in Grand Forks, North Dakota. One store employee was killed; 1 store employee was wounded. The shooter committed suicide before law enforcement arrived.
Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church (House of Worship)
On June 17, 2015, at 9:00 p.m., Dylann Storm Roof, 21, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting at prayer service at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. Nine people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter fled the scene and was apprehended by law enforcement the next day.
Omni Austin Hotel Downtown (Commerce)
On July 5, 2015, at 4:48 a.m., Michael Holt, 35, armed with a rifle, began shooting at Omni Austin Hotel Downtown in Austin, Texas. One person was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Two Military Centers in Chattanooga, Tennessee (Government)
On July 16, 2015, 10:51 a.m., Mohammad Youssuf Abdulazeez, 24, armed with a rifle, began shooting at the Armed Forces Career Center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, wounding a U.S. Marine. The shooter then drove to the Navy and Marine Reserve Center, where he killed 4 U.S. Marines and wounded a law enforcement officer and a U.S. navy sailor who died a few days later. A total of five were killed; 2 were wounded, including one law enforcement officer. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Grand 16 Theatre (Commerce)
On July 23, 2015, at 7:15 p.m., John Russell Houser, 59, armed with a handgun, began shooting moviegoers in the Grand 16 Theatre in Lafayette, Louisiana. Two people were killed; 9 were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after law enforcement arrived.
22
Umpqua Community College (Education)
On October 1, 2015, at 10:38 a.m., Christopher Sean Harper-Mercer, 26, armed with several handguns and a rifle, began shooting classmates in a classroom on the campus of Umpqua Community College in Roseburg, Oregon. Nine people were killed; 7 were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after being wounded during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Syverud Law Office and Miller-Meier Limb and Brace, Inc. (Commerce)
On October 26, 2015, at 1:56 p.m., Robert Lee Mayes, Jr., 40, armed with a handgun, began shooting at his estranged wife's workplace, Syverud Law Office in Davenport, Iowa. The shooter then drove to Miller-Meier Limb and Brace, Inc in nearby Bettendorf, where his estranged wife's father and an acquaintance were employed, and continued shooting. No one was killed; 2 were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after law enforcement arrived.
Neighborhood in Colorado Springs, Colorado (Open Space)
On October 31, 2015, at 8:55 a.m., Noah Jacob Harpham, 33, armed with two handguns and a rifle, began shooting people as he walked down the street in a Colorado Springs, Colorado, neighborhood. Three people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Planned Parenthood - Colorado Springs Westside Health Center (Health Care)
On November 27, 2015, at 11:38 a.m., Robert Lewis Dear, Jr., 57, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting at a Planned Parenthood - Colorado Springs Westside Health Center in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Three people were killed, including a law enforcement officer; 9 were wounded, including 5 law enforcement officers. The shooter eventually surrendered to law enforcement after the exchange of gunfire.
Inland Regional Center (Commerce)
On December 2, 2015, at 11:30 a.m., husband and wife, Syed Rizwan Farook, 28, and Tashfeen Malik (female), 29, armed with two rifles, two handguns, and an explosive device, began shooting in the parking lot of the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino, California. They moved inside the building, shooting at coworkers of one of the shooters. Fourteen people were killed; 22 were wounded. The shooters fled the scene; they were killed a few hours later during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Multiple Locations in Kalamazoo, Michigan (Open Space)
On February 20, 2016, at 5:40 p.m., Jason Brian Dalton, 45, wearing body armor and armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at the first of eight people in three different areas of Kalamazoo, Michigan. For nearly seven hours, the shooter drove to multiple locations, shooting at individuals outside an apartment complex, car dealership, and restaurant parking lot. In between the shootings, the shooter, who was moonlighting as a driver for a ride sharing company, continued to pick up fares. Six people were killed; two were wounded. Law enforcement officers apprehended the shooter in downtown
Kalamazoo about two hours after the final shooting.
Excel Industries and Newton and Hesston, Kansas (Commerce)
On February 25, 2016, at 4:57 p.m., Cedric Larry Ford, 38, armed with a handgun and a rifle, began shooting from his vehicle in Newton, Kansas. He shot and wounded one person, then traveled about two miles north to Hesston and shot and wounded another person. He then traveled to his place of employ-ment, Excel Industries, where he killed three people and wounded 12. Three people were killed; 14 were wounded. The shooter was killed in an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers.
Madison Junior/Senior High School (Education)
On February 29, 2016, at 11:30 a.m., James Austin Hancock, 14, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting in the cafeteria of Madison Junior/Senior High School in Middletown, Ohio. He shot two students before fleeing the building. No one was killed; four students were wounded (two from shrapnel). The shooter was apprehended near the school by law enforcement officers.
23
Prince George's County Police Department District 3 Station (Government)
On March 13, 2016, at 4:30 p.m., Michael Ford, 22, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at the Prince George's County Police Department District 3 station in Landover, Maryland. One plainclothes law enforcement officer was killed by friendly fire; no one was wounded. The shooter was wounded in an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers before being apprehended.
Antigo High School (Education)
On April 23, 2016, at 11:02 p.m., Jakob Edward Wagner, 18, armed with a rifle, began shooting outside a prom being held at his former school, Antigo High School in Antigo, Wisconsin. Two law enforcement officers, who were on the premises, heard the shots and responded immediately. No one was killed; two students were wounded. The shooter was wounded in an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers and later died at the hospital.
Knight Transportation Building (Commerce)
On May 4, 2016, at 8:45 a.m., Marion Guy Williams, 65, armed with a shotgun and a handgun, began shooting as he entered the Knight Transportation building in Katy, Texas. The shooter had been fired from the company two weeks prior. One person was killed; two were wounded. The shooter committed suicide after law enforcement officers arrived.
Arizona State Route 87 (Open Space)
On May 24, 2016, at 8:30 p.m., James David Walker, 36, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting at motorists along a 13-mile stretch of Beeline Highway (Arizona State Route 87) near Phoenix, Arizona. Over the next few hours, the shooter shot at motorists, stole a woman's cell phone at gunpoint, and stole a man's vehicle at gunpoint. The stolen vehicle was found abandoned in a ditch a short time later. With the help of a police canine, the shooter was found hiding in the desert not far from the stolen vehicle. No one was killed; two were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement officers.
Memorial Tire and Auto (Commerce)
On May 29, 2016, at 10:15 a.m., Dionisio Agustine Garza III, 25, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting at Memorial Tire and Auto in Houston, Texas. One person was killed; six were wounded, including two law enforcement officers and an armed civilian who was wounded while attempting to stop the shooter. The shooter was killed in an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers.
Pulse Nightclub (Commerce)
On June 12, 2016, at 2:02 a.m., Omar Mir Seddique Mateen, 29, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting patrons inside Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. Law enforcement officers entered the nightclub and engaged the shooter. The shooter then barricaded himself inside a bathroom with hostages for approximately three hours. Forty-nine people were killed; 53 were wounded. The shooter was killed in an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers after they breached the building.
Days Inn and Volunteer Parkway (Open Space)
On July 7, 2016, at 2:18 a.m., Lakeem Keon Scott, 37, armed with an assault rifle and handgun, allegedly began shooting while on foot, at a Days Inn in Bristol, Tennessee, and at motorists along Volunteer Parkway. One person was killed; three were wounded, including one law enforcement officer. The shooter was wounded during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers before being apprehended.
Protest in Dallas, Texas (Open Space)
On July 7, 2016, at 9:00 p.m., Micah Xavier Johnson, 25, armed with two rifles and a handgun, began shooting at the end of a protest in Dallas, Texas. Five law enforcement officers were killed; 11 were wounded, including nine law enforcement officers. The shooter was killed by a bomb-carrying robot.
24
Benny's Car Wash, Oil Change & B-Quik and Hair Crown Beauty Supply (Open Space)
On July 17, 2016, at 8:40 a.m., Gavin Eugene Long, 29, wearing a mask and body armor and armed with two rifles and a handgun, began shooting at law enforcement officers who were responding to reports of a man carrying a weapon in the vicinity of the Hammond Aire Plaza Shopping Center on Airline Highway in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Officers responding to calls of shots fired and officers down were also shot. Three law enforcement officers were killed; three law enforcement officers were wounded. The shooter was killed in an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers.
House Party in Mukilteo, Washington (Residence)
On July 30, 2016, at 12:07 a.m., Allen Christopher Ivanov, 19, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting at people attending a house party in Mukilteo, Washington. Three people were killed, including the shooter's ex-girlfriend; one was wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement officers a few hours later near Chehalis, Washington.
Multiple Locations in Joplin, Missouri (Open Space)
On August 13, 2016, at 5:08 a.m., Tom Stanley Mourning II, 26, armed with a rifle and a handgun, allegedly began
shooting from his moving vehicle at motorists in separate vehicles in Joplin, Missouri, while being pursued by law
enforcement officers. No one was killed; five people were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement officers.
Multiple Locations in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania (Open Space)
On September 16, 2016, at 11:15 p.m., Nicholas N. Glenn, 25, armed with a handgun, began shooting at a law enforcement officer in her marked patrol car in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The shooter continued to fire his weapon as he fled the scene, shooting two people standing in a bar doorway and shooting a passenger in a parked car. One person was killed; five were wounded, including two law enforcement officers. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law
enforcement officers.
Cascade Mall (Commerce)
On September 23, 2016, at 6:52 p.m., Arcan Cetin, 20, armed with a rifle, allegedly began shooting inside the Macy's department store in Cascade Mall in Burlington, Washington. After firing multiple rounds, the shooter left the rifle on a countertop and walked out of the mall. Five people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement officers the next day in a nearby city and committed suicide in prison several months later while awaiting trial.
Law Street in Houston, Texas (Open Space)
On September 26, 2016, at 6:30 a.m., Nathan Desai, 46, armed with a handgun, began shooting at morning commuters on Law Street in Houston, Texas. No one was killed; nine people were wounded. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement officers.
Townville Elementary School (Education)
On September 28, 2016, at 1:45 p.m., Jesse Dewitt Osborne, 14, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting at the Townville Elementary School playground in Townville, South Carolina. Prior to the shooting, the shooter, a former student, killed his father at their home. Two people were killed, including one student; three were wounded, one teacher and two students. A volunteer firefighter, who possessed a valid firearms permit, restrained the shooter until law enforcement officers arrived and apprehended him.
FreightCar America (Commerce)
On October 25, 2016, at 6:00 a.m., Getachew Tereda Fekede, 53, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside his former place of employment, FreightCar America, in Roanoke, Virginia. One person was killed; three were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before law enforcement officers arrived.
H-E-B Grocery Store (Commerce)
On November 28, 2016, at 3:15 a.m., Raul Lopez Saenz, 25, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting into the break room window of the H-E-B grocery store where he worked in Palmview, Texas. One person was killed; three were wounded. The shooter fled the scene and surrendered to law enforce-ment officers about an hour later.
25
Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (Government)
On January 6, 2017, at 1:15 p.m., Esteban Santiago-Ruiz, 26, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting in the Terminal 2 baggage claim area of the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The shooter, who had loaded his weapon in a men's restroom, began shoot-ing people upon leaving the restroom. When he ran out of ammunition, he dropped to the floor. Five people were killed; eight were wounded. The shooter surrendered to law enforcement.
West Liberty-Salem High School (Education)
On January 20, 2017, at 7:36 a.m., Ely Ray Serna, 17, armed with a shotgun, allegedly began shooting inside West Liberty-Salem High School, in West Liberty, Ohio, where he was a student. After assem-bling the weapon in a bathroom, the shooter shot a student who entered, then shot at a teacher who heard the commotion. The shooter shot classroom door windows before returning to the bathroom and surren-dering to school administrators. No one was killed; two students were wounded. School staff members subdued the shooter until law enforcement arrived and took the shooter into custody.
Marathon Savings Bank and Tlusty, Kennedy & Dirks, S.C. (Commerce)
On March 22, 2017, at 12:27 p.m., Nengmy Vang, 45, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting inside the Marathon Savings Bank in Rothschild, Wisconsin, where his estranged wife was employed. Two bank employees were killed. The shooter then went to the law firm Tlusty, Kennedy & Dirks, S.C. in Schofield where he shot and killed his estranged wife's lawyer. The suspect fled to his apart-ment complex and barricaded himself in the building for several hours before law enforcement officers engaged him in a shootout. Four people were killed (including one law enforcement officer); no one was wounded. The shooter was wounded by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire and died a few days later.
Las Vegas Bus (Other)
On March 25, 2017, at 10:45 a.m., Rolando Bueno Cardenas, 55, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting inside a public double-decker bus on the Las Vegas Strip during a scheduled stop in Las Vegas, Nevada. One person was killed; one was wounded. The shooter surrendered to law enforcement after a four-hour standoff and was taken into custody.
Residence and Bus Stop in Sanford, Florida (Open Space)
On March 27, 2017, at 6:20 a.m., Allen Dion Cashe, 31, armed with a rifle, allegedly began firing inside a residence in Sanford, Florida. Law enforcement had responded to two separate domestic dispute calls between the shooter and the woman he was dating prior to the shooting. The shooter returned to the woman's house and shot her, her two sons, and her father. The shooter then fled the scene and shot two other unrelated people standing near or at a bus stop from his vehicle on a nearby road. Two people were killed; four were wounded. The shooter fled the second scene and was apprehended by law enforcement at a nearby apartment building.
The Cooler (Commerce)
On April 15, 2017, at 9:30 p.m., Seth Thomas Wallace, 32, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting inside The Cooler, a bar in Rock Falls, Illinois. The shooter had previously lived in the area and was familiar with the establishment since it was owned by an extended family member. No one was killed; four were wounded. The shooter fled to his home in South Carolina where he surrendered to law enforcement three days later.
Multiple Locations in Fresno, California (Open Space)
On April 18, 2017, at 10:45 a.m., Kori Ali Muhammad, 39, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting indiscriminately at pedestrians and vehicles while walking along the streets of Fresno, California. The shooter was wanted in connection to a shooting a few days prior. Three people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement.
Group Home in Topeka, Kansas (Health Care)
On April 30, 2017, at 3:50 p.m., Joshua James Ray Gueary, 25, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside a group home for adults with special needs in Topeka, Kansas. Three people were killed (including the shooter's brother who worked at the residence); one person was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
26
La Jolla Crossroads Apartment Complex (Residence)
On April 30, 2017, at 6:00 p.m., Peter Raymond Selis, 49, armed with a handgun, began shooting during an outdoor party at the La Jolla Crossroads apartment complex in San Diego, California. One person was killed; seven were wounded. The shooter was killed during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Pine Kirk Care Center (Health Care)
On May 12, 2017, at 7:30 a.m., Thomas Harry Hartless, 43, armed with a shotgun and a handgun, began shooting inside the Pine Kirk Care Center in Kirkersville, Ohio. Two employees were killed, including the shooter's ex-girlfriend. Prior to the incident, the shooter had taken two people hostage behind the building to prevent them from revealing his presence. One of the hostages secretly dialed 911 and left the line open. A law enforcement officer responded to the open-line call and was ambushed after getting out of his vehicle. The two hostages escaped. In total, three people were killed (including one law enforcement officer); no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the scene before additional law enforcement arrived.
Fiamma Inc. (Commerce)
On June 5, 2017, at 8:00 a.m., John Robert Neumann Jr., 45, armed with a handgun and a knife, began shooting inside Fiamma Inc. in Orlando, Florida. The shooter had been fired from the company two months prior to the shooting. Five employees were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Weis Supermarket (Commerce)
On June 8, 2017, at 1:00 a.m., Randy Robert Stair, 24, armed with two shotguns, began shooting inside the Weis Supermarket in Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania, where he was employed. During his shift, the shooter blocked exit doors of the building with his car in an attempt to stop other employees from escaping. Three employees were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Eugene Simpson Stadium Park (Open Space)
On June 14, 2017, at 7:15 a.m., James Thomas Hodgkinson, 66, armed with a rifle and a handgun, began shooting during a congressional baseball practice at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria, Virginia. No one was killed; four people were wounded (including one congressman who was shot and one law enforcement officer who sustained a shrapnel wound). The shooter was shot by on-scene and responding law enforcement officers during an exchange of gunfire and later died at a nearby hospital.
UPS Customer Center (Commerce)
On June 14, 2017, at 8:55 a.m., Jimmy Chanh Lam, 38, armed with two handguns, began shooting inside a UPS San Francisco Customer Center in San Francisco, California, where he was employed. Three people were killed; five were wounded (two were shot and three sustained injuries incidental to the event). The shooter committed suicide at the scene when confronted by law enforcement.
Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center (Health Care)
On June 30, 2017, at 2:50 p.m., Dr. Henry Michael Bello, 45, armed with a rifle, began shooting inside the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center in Bronx, New York. The shooter was a former employee who had resigned in 2015 in anticipation of being fired. One person was killed; six were wounded. The shooter committed suicide before law enforcement arrived.
Highway 141 in Gateway, Colorado (Open Space)
On July 30, 2017, at 4:15 p.m., Rick Whited, 54, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting from his truck at passing cars along Highway 141 in Gateway, Colorado. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter exchanged gunfire with two Gateway Canyons General Store security officers before fleeing the scene. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
Clovis-Carver Public Library (Government)
On August 28, 2017, at 4:15 p.m., Nathaniel Ray Jouett, 16, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting inside the Clovis-Carver Public Library in Clovis, New Mexico. Two employees were killed; four were wounded. The shooter surrendered to law enforcement.
27
Freeman High School (Education)
On September 13, 2017, at 10:00 a.m., Caleb Sharpe, 15, armed with a rifle and a pistol, allegedly began shooting at Freeman High School in Rockford, Washington, where he was a student. One student was killed; three students were wounded. A school employee confronted the shooter, ordered him to the ground, and held him there until law enforcement arrived and took him into custody.
Burnette Chapel Church of Christ (House of Worship)
On September 24, 2017, at 11:15 a.m., Emanuel Kidega Samson, 25, armed with two handguns, allegedly began shooting in the parking lot of the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ in Antioch, Tennessee. After killing one person, the shooter entered the church and shot six people. A citizen who attempted to subdue the shooter was pistol-whipped. During the altercation, the shooter accidently shot himself. While the shooter was preoccupied, the citizen, who possessed a valid firearms permit, retrieved a handgun from his car and held the shooter at gunpoint until law enforcement arrived. One person was killed; seven were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement.
Route 91 Harvest Festival (Open Space)
On October 1, 2017, at 10:08 p.m., Stephen Craig Paddock, 64, armed with four rifles (and access to 23 additional weapons in his hotel room) began shooting into a crowd of people attending the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, from the 32nd floor of an adjacent hotel. Fifty-eight people were killed (including two law enforcement officers who were attending the concert); 489 people were wounded (many more sustained injuries incidental to the event). The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Advanced Granite Solutions and 28th Street Auto Sales and Service (Commerce)
On October 18, 2017, at 8:58 a.m., Radee Labeeb Prince, 37, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting fellow employees at Advanced Granite Solutions in Edgewood, Maryland. After killing three people and wounding two, the shooter fled the scene and traveled 52 miles to the 28th Street Auto Sales and Service lot in Wilmington, Delaware, where he shot and wounded another person. A total of three people were killed; three were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement later that night in Newark, Delaware.
Multiple Locations in Clearlake Oaks, California (Commerce)
On October 23, 2017, at 11:23 a.m., Alan Ashmore, 61, armed with a shotgun and a handgun, allegedly began firing into several homes and a vehicle in Clearlake Oaks, California, killing two people, including his father, and wounding one. Another person was wounded while fleeing out of a residence window. The shooter then shot and wounded a responding law enforcement officer before fleeing in his vehicle. The shooter drove to a nearby gas station and exchanged gunfire with the vendor, who possessed a valid firearms permit. The shooter fled the scene in his vehicle and drove to another gas station where he fired more shots. The shooter then drove to a nearby winery and shot at some employees before surrendering to law enforcement officers after a short vehicle pursuit. The entire incident lasted about 30 minutes. Two people were killed; three were wounded (including one law enforcement officer and one person who sustained injuries incidental to the incident). The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement.
Walmart in Thornton, Colorado (Commerce)
On November 1, 2017, at 6:10 p.m., Scott Allen Ostrem, 47, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting inside a Walmart in Thornton, Colorado. Three people were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter fled the scene and was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Texas (House of Worship)
On November 5, 2017, at 11:20 a.m., Devin Patrick Kelley, 26, armed with a rifle, exited his vehicle and began shooting outside the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Texas. He then entered the church and continued shooting at members of the congregation. The shooter exited the church and was confronted by a citizen who possessed a valid firearms permit. The citizen shot the shooter twice, causing the shooter to drop his rifle and flee the scene in his vehicle. The armed citizen, together with the owner of a pickup truck, pursued the shooter. The chase ended when the shooter's vehicle struck a road sign and overturned. Twenty-six people were killed; 20 were wounded. The shooter committed suicide with a handgun he had in his vehicle before police arrived.
28
Rancho Tehama Elementary School and Multiple Locations in Tehama County, California (Education)
On November 14, 2017, at 7:53 a.m., Kevin Janson Neal, 44, armed with a rifle and two handguns, began shooting at his neighbors, the first in a series of shootings occurring in Rancho Tehama Reserve, Tehama County, California. After killing three neighbors, he stole a car and began firing randomly at vehicles and pedestrians as he drove around the community. After deliberately bumping into another car, the shooter fired into the car and wounded the driver and three passengers. The shooter then drove into the gate of a nearby elementary school. He was prevented from entering the school due to a lockdown, so he fired at the windows and doors of the building, wounding five children. Upon fleeing the school, the shooter continued to shoot at people as he drove around Rancho Tehama Reserve. Law enforce-ment pursued the shooter; they rammed his vehicle, forced him off the road, and exchanged gunfire. The shooter's wife's body was later discovered at the shooter's home; the shooter apparently had shot and killed her the previous day. In total, five people were killed; 14 were wounded, eight from gunshot injuries (including one student) and six from shrapnel injuries (including four students). The shooter committed suicide after being shot and wounded by law enforcement during the pursuit.
Dollar General Store (Commerce)
On November 14, 2017, at 2:45 p.m., Travis Green, 29, wearing body armor and armed with two rifles, allegedly began shooting at the Union Road Dollar General store in Cheektowaga, New York. A citizen intentionally struck the shooter with his car, causing the shooter to drop his weapons and flee. He was tackled by a responding law enforcement officer who was at a nearby store. No gunfire was exchanged between the shooter and law enforcement. No one was killed; one person was wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Schlenker Automotive (Commerce)
On November 17, 2017, at 4:30 p.m., Robert Lorenzo Bailey, Jr., 28, armed with a handgun, allegedly began shooting in the parking lot of Schlenker Automotive in Rockledge, Florida. The manager of the auto repair shop and an employee, both possessing valid firearms permits, exchanged gunfire with the shooter. One person was killed; one was wounded. The shooter, shot twice during the exchange, was held at gunpoint by the manager until law enforcement arrived and took him into custody.
Aztec High School (Education)
On December 7, 2017, at approximately 8:00 a.m., William Edward Atchison, 21, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside Aztec High School in Aztec, New Mexico. The shooter was a former student. Two students were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the scene, before police arrived.
Multiple Locations in Baltimore, Maryland (Open Space)
On December 15, 2017, at 2:55 p.m., Mausean Vittorio Quran Carter, 30, armed with a rifle and handgun, allegedly began shooting indiscriminately at pedestrians from his vehicle after fleeing from a traffic stop by a law enforcement officer in Baltimore, Maryland, in connection to a triple shooting the previous week. After a 30-minute pursuit, the shooter came to a stop. His girlfriend, who had been communicating with the shooter by phone during the chase, ran up to the car and pulled him out of his seat, bringing the chase to an end. No one was killed; three were wounded, including one law enforce-ment officer. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement.
University of Cincinnati Medical Center (Health Care)
On December 20, 2017, at 2:00 p.m., Isaiah Currie, 20, armed with two handguns, began shooting in the lobby of the psychiatric emergency services wing of the University of Cincinnati Medical Center in Cincinnati, Ohio. The shooter struggled with and shot an unarmed security guard and fired several shots at a responding off-duty law enforcement officer working security nearby. No one was killed; one was wounded (an unarmed security guard). The shooter committed suicide at the scene as additional law enforcement arrived.
Marshall County High School (Education)
On January 23, 2018, at 7:57 a.m., Gabriel Ross Parker, 15, armed with a handgun, began shooting classmates at Marshall County High School in Benton, Kentucky. Two students were killed; 21 students were wounded (seven from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
29
Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School (Education)
On February 14, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., Nikolas Jacob Cruz, 19, armed with a rifle, began shooting students and teachers at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. Seventeen people (14 students, two coaches, and one teacher) were killed; 17 (16 students and one teacher) were wounded. The shooter, a former student who had been expelled from the school in 2017 for disciplinary reasons, fled the scene, blending in with students evacuating the building. He was apprehended approximately 75 minutes later by law enforcement at another location.
City Grill Café (Commerce)
On March 7, 2018, at 6:30 a.m., Walter Frank Thomas, 64, armed with a rifle, began shooting in the City Grill café in Hurtsboro, Alabama. Two people (including the owner) were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at another location.
YouTube Headquarters (Commerce)
On April 3, 2018, at 12:45 p.m., Nasim Najafi Aghdam (female), 39, armed with a handgun, began shooting outside the YouTube headquarters in San Bruno, California. No one was killed; four were wounded (one from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Waffle House (Commerce)
On April 22, 2018, at 3:30 a.m., Travis Jeffrey Reinking, 29, armed with a rifle, began shooting outside a Waffle House restaurant in Nashville, Tennessee. He fatally shot two people, then continued shooting inside the restaurant. When the shooter paused (presumably to reload or because the gun jammed), a citizen wrestled the gun away from him and tossed it over the counter. Four people (one employee and three customers) were killed; four were wounded (two from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter fled the scene. He was apprehended by law enforcement approximately 34 hours later at another location.
Highway 365 Near Whitehall Road in Gainesville, Georgia (Open Space)
On May 4, 2018, at 11:58 a.m., Rex Whitmire Harbour, 26, armed with a handgun, began shooting at moving vehicles from a concealed position along Highway 365 near Whitehall Road in Gainesville, Georgia. After hitting seven vehicles, the shooter returned to his vehicle, which was located nearby, and sped away. No one was killed; three were wounded (one from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter shot himself while being pursued by law enforcement; he died en route to the hospital.
Dixon High School (Education)
On May 16, 2018, at 8:00 a.m., Matthew A. Milby Jr., 19, armed with a rifle, began shooting inside Dixon High School in Dixon, Illinois. The shooter, a former student, then exchanged gunfire with the school resource officer. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The school resource officer shot and wounded the shooter, then apprehended him.
Santa Fe High School (Education)
On May 18, 2018, at 7:30 a.m., Dimitrios Pagourtzis, 17, armed with a shotgun and handgun, began shooting classmates and teachers at Santa Fe High School in Santa Fe, Texas. The shooter also deployed improvised explosive devices and Molotov Cocktails; however, they failed to detonate or combust. The shooter shot and wounded a school resource officer as he was about to engage the shooter. Ten people (eight students and two substitute teachers) were killed; 12 (ten students, one substitute teacher, and one school resource officer) were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement after surrendering at the scene.
Louie's Lakeside Eatery (Commerce)
On May 24, 2018, at 6:30 p.m., Alexander C. Tilghman, 28, armed with a handgun, began shooting at Louie's Lakeside eatery and pub in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. No one was killed; four people were wounded (one from injuries incidental to the shooting). After retrieving their guns from their respective vehicles, two citizens possessing valid firearm permits shot and killed the shooter.
30
Noblesville West Middle School (Education)
On May 25, 2018, at 9:06 a.m., a male student (unnamed by authorities due to age), 13, armed with two handguns and a knife, began shooting a classmate and teacher in Noblesville West Middle School in Noblesville, Indiana. A teacher wrestled the shooter to the ground. No one was killed; two (a student and the teacher who restrained the shooter) were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Highway 509 Near Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (Open Space)
On June 13, 2018, at 1:42 p.m., an unidentified person(s), (age[s] unknown), armed with a gun (type unknown), began shooting at moving vehicles alongside Highway 509 near the Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in Seattle, Washington. Four vehicles were struck. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter(s) was at large as of March 1, 2019.
Capital Gazette (Commerce)
On June 29, 2018, at 2:34 p.m., Jarrod Warren Ramos, 38, armed with a shotgun, began shooting in the Capital Gazette news offices in Annapolis, Maryland. Although the shooter had smoke grenades in his backpack, he did not deploy them. Five people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement at the scene.
Ben E. Keith Gulf Coast (Commerce)
On August 20, 2018, at 2:00 a.m., Kristine Peralez (female), 38, armed with a handgun, began shooting coworkers at the Ben E. Keith Gulf Coast food and beverage distributor in Missouri City, Texas. One person (the overnight manager) was killed; one was wounded. The shooter, who was off-duty at the time of the shooting, shot herself when confronted by law enforcement; she died a short time later at a nearby hospital.
GLHF Game Bar (Commerce)
On August 26, 2018, at 1:34 p.m., David Bennett Katz, 24, armed with two handguns, began shooting inside the GLHF Game Bar in the Chicago Pizza and Sports Grill in Jacksonville, Florida, during a video game tournament. After losing a game earlier in the day, the shooter retrieved the guns from his car. He re-entered the game bar and began shooting. Two were killed; 11 were wounded (two from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Fifth Third Center (Commerce)
On September 6, 2018, at 9:10 a.m., Omar Enrique Santa Perez, 29, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside the lobby of a high-rise office building containing the headquarters of the Fifth Third Bank in Cincinnati, Ohio. Three people were killed; two were wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire at the scene.
T & T Trucking, Inc. and a Residence (Commerce)
On September 12, 2018, at 5:20 p.m., Javier Casarez, 54, armed with a handgun, began shooting at T & T Trucking, Inc. in Bakersfield, California. He had driven to the facility with his ex-wife. Upon arrival, he shot two men and his ex-wife. Next, he drove to a nearby residence and shot two more people. He then carjacked a woman and child; he let them go, but fled in their vehicle. Five people (including his ex-wife) were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide at another location when confronted by law enforcement.
WTS Paradigm (Commerce)
On September 19, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., Anthony Yente Tong, 43, armed with a handgun, began shooting at coworkers inside WTS Paradigm, a software company in Middleton, Wisconsin. No one was killed; four were wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement at the scene.
Masontown Borough Municipal Center (Government)
On September 19, 2018, at 2:00 p.m., Patrick Shaun Dowdell, 61, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the lobby of Masontown Borough Municipal Center in Masontown, Pennsylvania. No one was killed; four (including the shooter's wife and one law enforcement officer) were wounded. The shooter was killed at the scene during an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
31
Rite Aid Perryman Distribution Center's Liberty Support Center (Commerce)
On September 20, 2018, at 9:06 a.m., Snochia Moseley (female), 26, armed with a handgun, began shooting at coworkers during her shift at the Rite Aid Perryman Distribution Center's Liberty support center in Aberdeen, Maryland. The shooter was a temporary employee at the facility. Three were killed; three were wounded. The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Kroger Grocery Store in Jeffersontown, Kentucky (Commerce)
On October 24, 2018, at 3:00 p.m., Gregory Alan Bush, 51, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside a Kroger grocery store in Jeffersontown, Kentucky. After fatally shooting a man inside the store, the shooter exited and fatally shot a woman in the parking lot. A citizen possessing a valid firearms permit confronted the shooter, but no gunfire was exchanged. A second citizen possessing a valid firearms permit exchanged gunfire with the shooter, but neither was struck. Two people were killed; none were wounded. The shooter fled the scene and was apprehended by law enforcement a short time later at another location.
Tree of Life Synagogue (House of Worship)
On October 27, 2018, at 9:45 a.m., Robert Gregory Bowers, 46, armed with a rifle and three handguns, began shooting inside the Tree of Life Synagogue in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Eleven people were killed; six were wounded (including four law enforcement officers, one from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter was apprehended at the scene after an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Hot Yoga Tallahassee (Commerce)
On November 2, 2018, at 5:37 p.m., Scott Paul Beierle, 40, armed with a handgun, began shooting inside the Hot Yoga Tallahassee studio in Tallahassee, Florida. Citizens confronted the shooter, allowing others to flee. Two people were killed; five were wounded (one was pistol-whipped by the shooter). The shooter committed suicide at the scene before law enforcement arrived.
Helen Vine Recovery Center (Health Care)
On November 5, 2018, at 1:30 a.m., Davance Lamar Reed, 37, armed with a handgun, began shooting in the Helen Vine Recovery Center in San Rafael, California. He then fled the scene. One person (an employee) was killed; two (an employee and the shooter's girlfriend) were wounded. The shooter was apprehended by law enforcement during an unrelated vehicle pursuit in a nearby county.
Borderline Bar and Grill (Commerce)
On November 7, 2018, at 11:20 p.m., Ian David Long, 28, armed with a handgun, began shooting at the Borderline Bar and Grill in Thousand Oaks, California. The shooter shot an unarmed security guard standing outside. He then opened fire inside the nightclub and deployed smoke grenades. Twelve people were killed (11 from gunfire, including one unarmed security guard, and one law enforcement officer from friendly fire); 16 were wounded (15 from injuries incidental to the shooting). The shooter committed suicide at the scene after an exchange of gunfire with law enforcement.
Ben E. Keith Albuquerque (Commerce)
On November 12, 2018, at 6:56 p.m., Waid Anthony Melton, 30, armed with a handgun, began shooting coworkers inside the Ben E. Keith Albuquerque food and beverage distributor in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Before entering the building, the shooter, who was off-duty at the time, had blocked an exit door with a forklift to prohibit people from leaving. No one was killed; three were wounded. The shooter committed suicide at another location.
Mercy Hospital & Medical Center (Health Care)
On November 19, 2018, at 3:20 p.m., Juan Lopez, 32, armed with a handgun, began shooting at the Mercy Hospital & Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois. The shooter shot his former fiancée, an emergency room doctor, in the parking lot, then shot two people inside the hospital. Three people (including one law enforcement officer) were killed; no one was wounded. The shooter committed suicide after being shot by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire.
32
Motel 6 in Albuquerque, New Mexico (Commerce)
On December 24, 2018, at 11:00 a.m., Abdias Ucdiel Flores-Corado, 35, armed with a rifle, began shooting from inside his room at a Motel 6 in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Several bullets went through the wall and traveled into an adjacent room. He then fired from the doorway of his room at motel guests and employees and at the motel main office. No one was killed; no one was wounded. The shooter was killed by law enforcement during an exchange of gunfire.